Course name is Google Data Analytics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Gain an immersive understanding of the practices and processes used by a junior or associate data analyst in their day-to-day job,Gain an immersive understanding of the practices and processes used by a junior or associate data analyst in their day-to-day job,Learn key analytical skills (data cleaning, analysis, & visualization) and tools (spreadsheets, SQL, R programming, Tableau) ,Learn key analytical skills (data cleaning, analysis, & visualization) and tools (spreadsheets, SQL, R programming, Tableau) ,Understand how to clean and organize data for analysis, and complete analysis and calculations using spreadsheets, SQL and R programming,Understand how to clean and organize data for analysis, and complete analysis and calculations using spreadsheets, SQL and R programming,Learn how to visualize and present data findings in dashboards, presentations and commonly used visualization platforms,Learn how to visualize and present data findings in dashboards, presentations and commonly used visualization platforms,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, R Programming, SQL, Business Communication, Spreadsheet Software, Business Analysis, Data Visualization, Data Management, General Statistics, Big Data, Communication, Computer Programming, Data Science, Data Visualization Software, Databases, Exploratory Data Analysis, Extract, Transform, Load, Leadership and Management, Microsoft Excel, Problem Solving, Small Data, Statistical Programming, Tableau Software
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/google-data-analytics this url.Course name is Google Cybersecurity. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand the importance of cybersecurity practices and their impact for organizations.,Understand the importance of cybersecurity practices and their impact for organizations.,Identify common risks, threats, and vulnerabilities, as well as techniques to mitigate them.,Identify common risks, threats, and vulnerabilities, as well as techniques to mitigate them.,Protect networks, devices, people, and data from unauthorized access and cyberattacks using Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) tools.,Protect networks, devices, people, and data from unauthorized access and cyberattacks using Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) tools.,Gain hands-on experience with Python, Linux, and SQL.,Gain hands-on experience with Python, Linux, and SQL.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Network Security, Python Programming, Linux, Cloud Computing, Algorithms, Audit, Computer Programming, Computer Security Incident Management, Cryptography, Databases, Leadership and Management, Network Architecture, Risk Management, SQL
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/google-cybersecurity this url.Course name is Google Project Management:. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Gain an immersive understanding of the practices and skills needed to succeed in an entry-level project management role,Gain an immersive understanding of the practices and skills needed to succeed in an entry-level project management role,Learn how to create effective project documentation and artifacts throughout the various phases of a project,Learn how to create effective project documentation and artifacts throughout the various phases of a project,Learn the foundations of Agile project management, with a focus on implementing Scrum events, building Scrum artifacts, and understanding Scrum roles,Learn the foundations of Agile project management, with a focus on implementing Scrum events, building Scrum artifacts, and understanding Scrum roles,Practice strategic communication, problem-solving, and stakeholder management through real-world scenarios,Practice strategic communication, problem-solving, and stakeholder management through real-world scenarios,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Project Management, Strategy and Operations, Leadership and Management, Communication, Business Communication, Collaboration, Agile Software Development, Software Engineering, Entrepreneurship, Scrum (Software Development), Planning, Supply Chain and Logistics, Change Management, Finance, Organizational Development, Product Management, Risk Management, Budget Management, Influencing, Culture, Emotional Intelligence, People Management, Problem Solving, Procurement
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/google-project-management this url.Course name is IBM Data Science. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Dr. Pooja. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Master the most up-to-date practical skills and knowledge that data scientists use in their daily roles,Master the most up-to-date practical skills and knowledge that data scientists use in their daily roles,Learn the tools, languages, and libraries used by professional data scientists, including Python and SQL,Learn the tools, languages, and libraries used by professional data scientists, including Python and SQL,Import and clean data sets, analyze and visualize data, and build machine learning models and pipelines,Import and clean data sets, analyze and visualize data, and build machine learning models and pipelines,Apply your new skills to real-world projects and build a portfolio of data projects that showcase your proficiency to employers,Apply your new skills to real-world projects and build a portfolio of data projects that showcase your proficiency to employers,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Python Programming, Data Science, Machine Learning, Data Analysis, Algorithms, Data Management, Data Visualization, Database Design, Human Learning, R Programming, Computer Programming, Database Application, Databases, Deep Learning, Exploratory Data Analysis, Machine Learning Algorithms, Plot (Graphics), Professional Development, SQL, Data Model, Statistical Machine Learning, General Statistics, Probability & Statistics, Regression, Reinforcement Learning, Big Data, Cloud Computing, Data Mining, IBM Cloud, Writing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/ibm-data-science this url.Course name is Google Digital Marketing & E-commerce. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Learn the fundamentals of digital marketing and e-commerce to gain the skills needed to land an entry-level job,Learn the fundamentals of digital marketing and e-commerce to gain the skills needed to land an entry-level job,Attract and engage customers through digital marketing channels like search and email,Attract and engage customers through digital marketing channels like search and email,Measure marketing performance through analytics and present insights,Measure marketing performance through analytics and present insights,Build e-commerce stores, analyze online performance, and grow customer loyalty,Build e-commerce stores, analyze online performance, and grow customer loyalty,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Digital Marketing, Marketing, Marketing Management, Media Strategy & Planning, Sales, E-Commerce, Data Analysis, Social Media, Search Engine Optimization, Advertising, Communication, Persona Research, Strategy, Web Design, Web Development, Web Development Tools, Writing, Data Management, Market Analysis
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/google-digital-marketing-ecommerce this url.Course name is IBM Data Analyst. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Dr. Pooja. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Master the most up-to-date practical skills and tools that data analysts use in their daily roles,Master the most up-to-date practical skills and tools that data analysts use in their daily roles,Learn how to visualize data and present findings using various charts in Excel spreadsheets and BI tools like IBM Cognos Analytics & Tableau,Learn how to visualize data and present findings using various charts in Excel spreadsheets and BI tools like IBM Cognos Analytics & Tableau,Develop working knowledge of Python language for analyzing data using Python libraries like Pandas and Numpy, and invoke APIs and Web Services ,Develop working knowledge of Python language for analyzing data using Python libraries like Pandas and Numpy, and invoke APIs and Web Services ,Gain technical experience through hands on labs and projects and build a portfolio to showcase your work,Gain technical experience through hands on labs and projects and build a portfolio to showcase your work,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Python Programming, Microsoft Excel, Data Visualization, Spreadsheet Software, Data Analysis, Data Management, Data Structures, Databases, Exploratory Data Analysis, SQL, Plot (Graphics), Business Analysis, Database Design, Computer Programming, Database Application, Professional Development, Statistical Visualization, Big Data, Data Mining, Data Science, General Statistics, NoSQL, Cloud Computing, Data Visualization Software, IBM Cloud, Interactive Data Visualization, Machine Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Probability & Statistics, Regression
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/ibm-data-analyst this url.Course name is Google UX Design. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Follow the design process: empathize with users, define pain points, ideate solutions, create wireframes and prototypes, test and iterate on designs,Follow the design process: empathize with users, define pain points, ideate solutions, create wireframes and prototypes, test and iterate on designs,Understand the basics of UX research, like planning research studies, conducting interviews and usability studies, and synthesizing research results,Understand the basics of UX research, like planning research studies, conducting interviews and usability studies, and synthesizing research results,Apply foundational UX concepts, like user-centered design, accessibility, and equity-focused design,Apply foundational UX concepts, like user-centered design, accessibility, and equity-focused design,Create a professional UX portfolio that includes 3 end-to-end projects: a mobile app, a responsive website, and a cross-platform experience,Create a professional UX portfolio that includes 3 end-to-end projects: a mobile app, a responsive website, and a cross-platform experience,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  User Experience, User Experience Design, User Research, Audit, Human Computer Interaction, Planning, Product Design, Product Development, Visual Design, Web Design, Web Development Tools
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/google-ux-design this url.Course name is Google IT Support. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Gain skills required to succeed in an entry-level IT job,Gain skills required to succeed in an entry-level IT job,Learn to perform day-to-day IT support tasks including computer assembly, wireless networking, installing programs, and customer service,Learn to perform day-to-day IT support tasks including computer assembly, wireless networking, installing programs, and customer service,Learn how to provide end-to-end customer support, ranging from identifying problems to troubleshooting and debugging,Learn how to provide end-to-end customer support, ranging from identifying problems to troubleshooting and debugging,Learn to use systems including Linux, Domain Name Systems, Command-Line Interface, and Binary Code,Learn to use systems including Linux, Domain Name Systems, Command-Line Interface, and Binary Code,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Networking, Network Architecture, Network Model, Networking Hardware, Network Analysis, Computer Architecture, Critical Thinking, Problem Solving, Communication, Human Computer Interaction, Network Security, Linux, System Security, Cloud Computing, Computer Programming, Customer Support, Cryptography, Leadership and Management, Operating Systems
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/google-it-support this url.Course name is Machine Learning. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Multiple educators. The course instructor is Andrew Ng. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Build ML models with NumPy & scikit-learn, build & train supervised models for prediction & binary classification tasks (linear, logistic regression),Build ML models with NumPy & scikit-learn, build & train supervised models for prediction & binary classification tasks (linear, logistic regression),Build & train a neural network with TensorFlow to perform multi-class classification, & build & use decision trees & tree ensemble methods,Build & train a neural network with TensorFlow to perform multi-class classification, & build & use decision trees & tree ensemble methods,Apply best practices for ML development & use unsupervised learning techniques for unsupervised learning including clustering & anomaly detection,Apply best practices for ML development & use unsupervised learning techniques for unsupervised learning including clustering & anomaly detection,Build recommender systems with a collaborative filtering approach & a content-based deep learning method & build a deep reinforcement learning model,Build recommender systems with a collaborative filtering approach & a content-based deep learning method & build a deep reinforcement learning model,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Applied Machine Learning, Algorithms, Deep Learning, Machine Learning Software, Artificial Neural Networks, Human Learning, Statistical Machine Learning, Python Programming, Regression, Mathematics, Tensorflow, Critical Thinking, Network Model, Network Architecture, Reinforcement Learning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/machine-learning-introduction this url.Course name is IBM Applied AI. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Abhishek Gagneja. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand the definition of AI, its applications and use cases, and explain terms like machine learning, deep learning, and neural networks ,Understand the definition of AI, its applications and use cases, and explain terms like machine learning, deep learning, and neural networks ,,,Create AI chatbots and virtual assistants without any programming and deploy them on a website ,Create AI chatbots and virtual assistants without any programming and deploy them on a website ,,,Build AI-powered solutions using IBM Watson AI services, APIs, and Python with minimal coding ,Build AI-powered solutions using IBM Watson AI services, APIs, and Python with minimal coding ,,,Apply computer vision techniques using Python, OpenCV, & Watson and develop custom image classification models and deploy them to the Cloud ,Apply computer vision techniques using Python, OpenCV, & Watson and develop custom image classification models and deploy them to the Cloud ,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Artificial Neural Networks, Computer Vision, Python Programming, Cloud Computing, Human Learning, IBM Cloud, Natural Language Processing, Algorithms, Applied Machine Learning, Machine Learning Software, Computer Programming, Application Development, Cloud API, Cloud Applications, Computer Programming Tools, Human Computer Interaction, Software Engineering Tools, Visualization (Computer Graphics), Software Engineering, Critical Thinking, Communication, Software As A Service, Data Analysis, Programming Principles, User Experience Design, Software Architecture, Agile Software Development, Systems Design, Web Development, Software Testing, Javascript, Data Science
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/applied-artifical-intelligence-ibm-watson-ai this url.Course name is IBM DevOps and Software Engineering. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is John Rofrano. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Develop  a DevOps mindset, practice Agile philosophy & Scrum methodology -  essential to succeed in the era of Cloud Native Software Engineering,Develop  a DevOps mindset, practice Agile philosophy & Scrum methodology -  essential to succeed in the era of Cloud Native Software Engineering,Create applications using Python  language, using various programming constructs and logic, including functions, REST APIs, and  libraries,Create applications using Python  language, using various programming constructs and logic, including functions, REST APIs, and  libraries,Build applications composed of microservices and deploy using containers (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes, and OpenShift) & serverless technologies,Build applications composed of microservices and deploy using containers (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes, and OpenShift) & serverless technologies,Employ tools for automation, continuous integration (CI) and continuous deployment (CD) including Chef, Puppet, GitHub Actions, Tekton and  Travis. ,Employ tools for automation, continuous integration (CI) and continuous deployment (CD) including Chef, Puppet, GitHub Actions, Tekton and  Travis. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  DevOps, Software Engineering, Cloud Computing, Computer Programming, Application Development, Software Architecture, Cloud Applications, Continuous Delivery, Continuous Integration, Python Programming, Software Engineering Tools, Software Testing, Agile Software Development, Security Engineering, Cloud Infrastructure, Kubernetes, Programming Principles, Cloud-Based Integration, Microarchitecture, Cloud Platforms, Communication, IBM Cloud, Scrum (Software Development), Software Security, Systems Design, Distributed Computing Architecture, Cloud Storage, Docker (Software), Linux, User Experience Design, Collaboration, Leadership and Management, Data Analysis, Mergers & Acquisitions
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/devops-and-software-engineering this url.Course name is Introduction to Data Science. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Romeo Kienzler. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describe what data science and machine learning are, their applications & use cases, and various types of tasks performed by data scientists  ,Describe what data science and machine learning are, their applications & use cases, and various types of tasks performed by data scientists  ,,,Gain hands-on familiarity with common data science tools including JupyterLab, R Studio, GitHub and Watson Studio ,Gain hands-on familiarity with common data science tools including JupyterLab, R Studio, GitHub and Watson Studio ,,,Develop the mindset to work like a data scientist, and follow a methodology to tackle different types of data science problems,Develop the mindset to work like a data scientist, and follow a methodology to tackle different types of data science problems,,,Write SQL statements and query Cloud databases using Python from Jupyter notebooks,Write SQL statements and query Cloud databases using Python from Jupyter notebooks,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Science, Python Programming, Data Analysis, Data Management, R Programming, Computer Programming, Database Application, Database Design, Databases, Professional Development, SQL, Data Model, Machine Learning, Statistical Machine Learning, Big Data, Cloud Computing, Data Mining, Deep Learning, IBM Cloud, Regression, Writing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/introduction-data-science this url.Course name is IBM Full Stack Software Developer. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is IBM Skills Network Team. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Master the most up-to-date practical skills and tools that full stack developers use in their daily roles,Master the most up-to-date practical skills and tools that full stack developers use in their daily roles,Learn how to deploy and scale applications using Cloud Native methodologies and tools such as Containers, Kubernetes, Microservices, and Serverless,Learn how to deploy and scale applications using Cloud Native methodologies and tools such as Containers, Kubernetes, Microservices, and Serverless,Develop software with front-end development languages and tools such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, and Bootstrap,Develop software with front-end development languages and tools such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, and Bootstrap,Build your GitHub portfolio by applying your skills to multiple labs and hands-on projects, including a capstone,Build your GitHub portfolio by applying your skills to multiple labs and hands-on projects, including a capstone,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cloud Computing, Cloud Applications, IBM Cloud, Cloud Infrastructure, DevOps, Cloud Platforms, Computer Programming, Javascript, Python Programming, Cloud Management, Web Development, Software Architecture, Application Development, Cloud API, Cloud-Based Integration, Software Engineering, Microarchitecture, Cloud Storage, Continuous Delivery, Continuous Integration, Full-Stack Web Development, Software As A Service, Distributed Computing Architecture, Docker (Software), Kubernetes, Software Engineering Tools, Software Testing, Programming Principles, Django (Web Framework), NoSQL, SQL, Collaboration, Computer Science, Data Analysis, Front-End Web Development, Leadership and Management, Mergers & Acquisitions, React (web framework)
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/ibm-full-stack-cloud-developer this url.Course name is Key Technologies for Business. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Alex Aklson. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand key technologies driving modern businesses and have meaningful conversations around Cloud, Data and AI, and related buzzwords,Understand key technologies driving modern businesses and have meaningful conversations around Cloud, Data and AI, and related buzzwords,Gain Foundational Knowledge of Cloud Computing, Public/Private/Hybrid Clouds, IaaS/PaaS/SaaS, VMs, Cloud Storage & Cloud Native practices like DevOps,Gain Foundational Knowledge of Cloud Computing, Public/Private/Hybrid Clouds, IaaS/PaaS/SaaS, VMs, Cloud Storage & Cloud Native practices like DevOps,Describe Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Neural Networks, their impact on society, and our future in an AI enabled world,Describe Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Neural Networks, their impact on society, and our future in an AI enabled world,Outline what is Data Science, tasks that a Data Scientist performs, and how Data Science is revolutionizing virtually all industries and businesses ,Outline what is Data Science, tasks that a Data Scientist performs, and how Data Science is revolutionizing virtually all industries and businesses ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Algorithms, Applied Machine Learning, Artificial Neural Networks, Computer Vision, Deep Learning, Human Learning, Machine Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Machine Learning Software, Cloud Computing, Critical Thinking, Big Data, Data Analysis, Cloud Applications, Cloud Infrastructure, Cloud Platforms, Cloud Storage, DevOps, Data Mining, IBM Cloud, Data Science, Regression, Writing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/key-technologies-for-business this url.Course name is Data Science Fundamentals with Python and SQL. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Murtaza Haider. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Working knowledge of Data Science Tools such as Jupyter Notebooks, R Studio, GitHub, Watson Studio,Working knowledge of Data Science Tools such as Jupyter Notebooks, R Studio, GitHub, Watson Studio,Python programming basics including data structures, logic, working with files, invoking APIs, and libraries such as Pandas and Numpy,Python programming basics including data structures, logic, working with files, invoking APIs, and libraries such as Pandas and Numpy,Statistical Analysis techniques including  Descriptive Statistics, Data Visualization, Probability Distribution, Hypothesis Testing and Regression,Statistical Analysis techniques including  Descriptive Statistics, Data Visualization, Probability Distribution, Hypothesis Testing and Regression,Relational Database fundamentals including SQL query language, Select statements, sorting & filtering, database functions, accessing multiple tables,Relational Database fundamentals including SQL query language, Select statements, sorting & filtering, database functions, accessing multiple tables,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Python Programming, Data Analysis, General Statistics, Probability & Statistics, Basic Descriptive Statistics, Statistical Analysis, Statistical Tests, Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Statistical Programming, Computer Programming, Data Visualization, Data Science, Probability Distribution, R Programming, Data Management, Database Application, Database Design, Databases, Professional Development, SQL, Cloud Computing, IBM Cloud
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/data-science-fundamentals-python-sql this url.Course name is IBM Data Engineering. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is IBM Skills Network Team. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Master the most up-to-date practical skills and knowledge data engineers use in their daily roles,Master the most up-to-date practical skills and knowledge data engineers use in their daily roles,Learn to create, design, & manage relational databases & apply database administration (DBA) concepts to RDBMSs such as MySQL, PostgreSQL, & IBM Db2 ,Learn to create, design, & manage relational databases & apply database administration (DBA) concepts to RDBMSs such as MySQL, PostgreSQL, & IBM Db2 ,Develop working knowledge of NoSQL & Big Data using MongoDB, Cassandra, Cloudant, Hadoop, Apache Spark, Spark SQL, Spark ML, and Spark Streaming ,Develop working knowledge of NoSQL & Big Data using MongoDB, Cassandra, Cloudant, Hadoop, Apache Spark, Spark SQL, Spark ML, and Spark Streaming ,Implement ETL & Data Pipelines with Bash, Airflow & Kafka; architect, populate, deploy Data Warehouses; create BI reports & interactive dashboards ,Implement ETL & Data Pipelines with Bash, Airflow & Kafka; architect, populate, deploy Data Warehouses; create BI reports & interactive dashboards ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Management, Databases, Database Administration, Extract, Transform, Load, Big Data, SQL, Python Programming, Apache, Database Design, Distributed Computing Architecture, Data Architecture, Database Application, NoSQL, Data Structures, Data Model, Data Warehousing, Cloud Computing, Database Theory, Data Engineering, Data Visualization, Computer Programming, IBM Cloud, Data Mining, Machine Learning, Data Analysis, Leadership and Management, Process Analysis, Kubernetes, Professional Development, System Programming, PostgreSQL, Operational Analysis, Business Intelligence, Data Visualization Software, Linux, Network Security, Statistical Programming, Data Science
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/ibm-data-engineer this url.Course name is IBM & Darden Digital Strategy. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Virginia Darden School Foundation. The course instructor is Michael Lenox. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand the value of data and how the rapid growth of technologies such as artificial intelligence and cloud computing are transforming business. ,Understand the value of data and how the rapid growth of technologies such as artificial intelligence and cloud computing are transforming business. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Analysis, Business Transformation, Strategy, Data Analysis, Cloud Computing, Strategy and Operations, Applied Machine Learning, Big Data, Data Visualization, Deep Learning, Entrepreneurship, Leadership and Management, Research and Design, Algorithms, Artificial Neural Networks, Computer Vision, Human Learning, Innovation, Machine Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Machine Learning Software, Marketing, Sales, Critical Thinking, Data Structures, Market Analysis, Business Design, Business Development, Customer Analysis, Product Strategy, Data Management, Data Mining, Databases, Python Programming, SQL, Cloud Applications, Cloud Infrastructure, Cloud Platforms, Cloud Storage, Data Science, DevOps, IBM Cloud, NoSQL, Microsoft Excel
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/digital-strategy this url.Course name is Data Engineering Foundations. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Abhishek Gagneja. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Working knowledge of Data Engineering Ecosystem and Lifecycle. Viewpoints and tips from Data professionals on starting a career in this domain.,Working knowledge of Data Engineering Ecosystem and Lifecycle. Viewpoints and tips from Data professionals on starting a career in this domain.,,,Python programming basics including data structures, logic, working with files, invoking APIs, using libraries such as Pandas and Numpy, doing ETL.,Python programming basics including data structures, logic, working with files, invoking APIs, using libraries such as Pandas and Numpy, doing ETL.,,,Relational Database fundamentals including Database Design, Creating Schemas, Tables, Constraints, and working with MySQL, PostgreSQL & IBM Db2.,Relational Database fundamentals including Database Design, Creating Schemas, Tables, Constraints, and working with MySQL, PostgreSQL & IBM Db2.,,,SQL query language, SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE statements, database functions, stored procs, working with multiple tables, JOINs, & transactions.,SQL query language, SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE statements, database functions, stored procs, working with multiple tables, JOINs, & transactions.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Management, Python Programming, Databases, Data Structures, Data Engineering, Database Application, SQL, Database Administration, Database Design, Extract, Transform, Load, Computer Programming, Data Architecture, Database Theory, Data Mining, Data Model, Data Analysis, Leadership and Management, Professional Development, Data Warehousing, PostgreSQL, Big Data, IBM Cloud, Network Security, NoSQL, Cloud Computing, Data Science
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/data-engineering-foundations this url.Course name is Applied Data Science. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Dr. Pooja. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Develop an understanding of Python fundamentals,Develop an understanding of Python fundamentals,,,Gain practical Python skills and apply them to data analysis,Gain practical Python skills and apply them to data analysis,,,Communicate data insights effectively through data visualizations,Communicate data insights effectively through data visualizations,,,Create a project demonstrating your understanding of applied data science techniques and tools,Create a project demonstrating your understanding of applied data science techniques and tools,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Python Programming, Data Analysis, Machine Learning, Algorithms, Computer Programming, Data Science, Data Visualization, Exploratory Data Analysis, General Statistics, Machine Learning Algorithms, Plot (Graphics), Probability & Statistics, Regression
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/applied-data-science this url.Course name is IBM AI Foundations for Business. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM . The course instructor is Alex Aklson. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Artificial Intelligence (AI),Data Science,Leadership,Information Technology (IT) Architecture,Data Architecture,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Data Analysis, Deep Learning, Applied Machine Learning, Data Management, Leadership and Management, Algorithms, Artificial Neural Networks, Computer Vision, Human Learning, Machine Learning Software, Business Process Management, Data Architecture, Strategy and Operations, Critical Thinking, Business Transformation, Strategy, Big Data, Innovation, Data Mining, Data Science, Regression, Writing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/ibm-ai-foundations-for-business this url.Course name is IBM Back-End Development. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is John Rofrano. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
  Master the most up-to-date practical skills and knowledge that back-end developers use in their daily roles, Master the most up-to-date practical skills and knowledge that back-end developers use in their daily roles,Learn to deploy and scale applications using methodologies and tools, Docker, Kubernetes, microservices, and serverless functions,Learn to deploy and scale applications using methodologies and tools, Docker, Kubernetes, microservices, and serverless functions,Write back-end applications with object-oriented programming languages including server-side Python while using version control and package managers,Write back-end applications with object-oriented programming languages including server-side Python while using version control and package managers,Employ continuous integration / continuous development (CI/CD) and monitoring methodologies to facilitate software development life-cycle automation,Employ continuous integration / continuous development (CI/CD) and monitoring methodologies to facilitate software development life-cycle automation,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Software Engineering, Application Development, Software Architecture, Computer Programming, Python Programming, Software Engineering Tools, Cloud Applications, DevOps, Security Engineering, Cloud Computing, Programming Principles, Cloud Infrastructure, Cloud-Based Integration, Microarchitecture, Agile Software Development, Communication, IBM Cloud, Kubernetes, Software Security, Systems Design, Distributed Computing Architecture, Software Testing, Docker (Software), Linux, User Experience Design, Web Development, Collaboration, Leadership and Management, Data Analysis, Django (Web Framework), Mergers & Acquisitions, SQL
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/ibm-backend-development this url.Course name is IBM Data Analytics with Excel and R. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is IBM Skills Network Team. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Master the most up-to-date practical skills and knowledge data analysts use in their daily roles,Master the most up-to-date practical skills and knowledge data analysts use in their daily roles,Learn how to perform data analysis, including data preparation, statistical analysis, and predictive modeling using R, R Studio, and Jupyter,Learn how to perform data analysis, including data preparation, statistical analysis, and predictive modeling using R, R Studio, and Jupyter,Utilize Excel spreadsheets to perform a variety of data analysis tasks like data wrangling, using pivot tables, data mining, & creating charts,Utilize Excel spreadsheets to perform a variety of data analysis tasks like data wrangling, using pivot tables, data mining, & creating charts,Communicate your data findings using various data visualization techniques including, charts, plots & interactive dashboards with Cognos and R Shiny,Communicate your data findings using various data visualization techniques including, charts, plots & interactive dashboards with Cognos and R Shiny,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, R Programming, Computer Programming, Data Visualization, Data Management, Statistical Programming, Databases, Exploratory Data Analysis, Plot (Graphics), Data Analysis Software, Data Structures, Statistical Analysis, Statistical Visualization, Basic Descriptive Statistics, Microsoft Excel, SQL, General Statistics, Interactive Data Visualization, Database Application, Extract, Transform, Load, Visualization (Computer Graphics), Spreadsheet Software, Database Design, Database Theory, Programming Principles, Database Administration, Computer Programming Tools, Correlation And Dependence, Data Mining, Data Visualization Software, Statistical Machine Learning, Visual Design, Business Analysis, Statistical Tests, Python Programming, Big Data, Data Science, NoSQL
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/ibm-data-analyst-r-excel this url.Course name is Data Analysis and Visualization Foundations. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is IBM Skills Network Team. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describe the data ecosystem, tasks a Data Analyst performs, as well as skills and tools required for successful data analysis,Describe the data ecosystem, tasks a Data Analyst performs, as well as skills and tools required for successful data analysis,Explain basic functionality of spreadsheets and utilize Excel to perform a variety of data analysis tasks like data wrangling and data mining,Explain basic functionality of spreadsheets and utilize Excel to perform a variety of data analysis tasks like data wrangling and data mining,List various types of charts and plots and create them in Excel as well as work with Cognos Analytics to generate interactive dashboards,List various types of charts and plots and create them in Excel as well as work with Cognos Analytics to generate interactive dashboards,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Microsoft Excel, Data Visualization, Spreadsheet Software, Data Analysis, Plot (Graphics), Business Analysis, Data Management, Data Structures, Databases, Python Programming, SQL, Statistical Visualization, Big Data, Data Mining, Data Science, Interactive Data Visualization, NoSQL, Data Visualization Software
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/data-analysis-visualization-foundations this url.Course name is Deep Learning. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Andrew Ng. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Build and train deep neural networks, identify key architecture parameters, implement vectorized neural networks and deep learning to applications,Build and train deep neural networks, identify key architecture parameters, implement vectorized neural networks and deep learning to applications,Train test sets, analyze variance for DL applications, use standard techniques and optimization algorithms, and build neural networks in TensorFlow,Train test sets, analyze variance for DL applications, use standard techniques and optimization algorithms, and build neural networks in TensorFlow,Build a CNN and apply it to detection and recognition tasks, use neural style transfer to generate art, and apply algorithms to image and video data,Build a CNN and apply it to detection and recognition tasks, use neural style transfer to generate art, and apply algorithms to image and video data,Build and train RNNs, work with NLP and Word Embeddings, and use HuggingFace tokenizers and transformer models to perform NER and Question Answering,Build and train RNNs, work with NLP and Word Embeddings, and use HuggingFace tokenizers and transformer models to perform NER and Question Answering,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Artificial Neural Networks, Machine Learning Algorithms, Applied Machine Learning, Python Programming, Machine Learning Software, Network Model, Algorithms, Computer Programming, Computer Vision, Network Architecture, Natural Language Processing, Tensorflow, Human Learning, Data Analysis, Exploratory Data Analysis, Organizational Development, Strategy, Computational Logic, Mathematics, Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Linear Algebra, Regression, Calculus
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/deep-learning this url.Course name is Applied Software Engineering Fundamentals. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Abhishek Gagneja. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describe software development and related technologies; outline approaches to deployment architectures; and summarize career options in the field. ,Describe software development and related technologies; outline approaches to deployment architectures; and summarize career options in the field. ,Explain the role of version control and collaborative coding in SDLC & DevOps; Create GitHub repositories and use branching with Git commands.,Explain the role of version control and collaborative coding in SDLC & DevOps; Create GitHub repositories and use branching with Git commands.,List and execute commonly used Linux commands, utilize pipes and redirection, create simple shell scripts using BASH, schedule jobs using Cron. ,List and execute commonly used Linux commands, utilize pipes and redirection, create simple shell scripts using BASH, schedule jobs using Cron. ,Create, package, and deploy Python applications using knowledge of programming constructs, libraries, APIs and web services. ,Create, package, and deploy Python applications using knowledge of programming constructs, libraries, APIs and web services. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Software Engineering, Computer Programming, Python Programming, Software Engineering Tools, Application Development, Programming Principles, Software Architecture, Agile Software Development, Communication, Software Testing, Systems Design, User Experience Design, Collaboration, Leadership and Management, Linux, Data Analysis, Mergers & Acquisitions
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/software-engineering-fundamentals this url.Course name is AI Foundations for Everyone. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Rav Ahuja. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Artificial Intelligence (AI),ChatGPT,Large Language Models (LLM),Natural Language Generation,Generative AI,Data Science,Machine Learning,Deep Learning,Jobs,Prompt Engineering,prompt patterns,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Human Learning, Machine Learning, Artificial Neural Networks, Deep Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Computer Vision, Human Computer Interaction, Natural Language Processing, Algorithms, Applied Machine Learning, Cloud Computing, IBM Cloud, Machine Learning Software, Critical Thinking, Computer Programming, Data Science
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/ai-foundations-for-everyone this url.Course name is IBM AI Product Manager. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the SkillUp EdTech. The course instructor is Daniel C. Yeomans. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Apply key product management skills, tools, and techniques to engage and manage key stakeholders and clients,Apply key product management skills, tools, and techniques to engage and manage key stakeholders and clients,Develop a working knowledge of Agile and adaptive methodologies used to expedite product solutions to market,Develop a working knowledge of Agile and adaptive methodologies used to expedite product solutions to market,Evaluate real-world case studies showcasing the successful integration of AI into existing product management systems,Evaluate real-world case studies showcasing the successful integration of AI into existing product management systems,Demonstrate the skills and tools knowledge required to be a successful AI Product Manager,Demonstrate the skills and tools knowledge required to be a successful AI Product Manager,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Algorithms, Applied Machine Learning, Artificial Neural Networks, Computer Vision, Deep Learning, Human Learning, Machine Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Machine Learning Software, Critical Thinking, Natural Language Processing, Communication, Data Science, Leadership Development, Leadership and Management, Product Development, Product Lifecycle, Product Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/ibm-ai-product-manager this url.Course name is Prompt Engineering. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Vanderbilt University. The course instructor is Dr. Jules White. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Prompt Engineering,ChatGPT,Generative AI,ChatGPT Advanced Data Analysis,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Creativity, Data Analysis, Problem Solving, Risk Management, Writing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/prompt-engineering this url.Course name is Cloud Application Development Foundations. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is IBM Skills Network Team. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Define cloud computing and explain its essential characteristics, models, benefits, infrastructure, & emerging trends. Create a cloud account,Define cloud computing and explain its essential characteristics, models, benefits, infrastructure, & emerging trends. Create a cloud account,Develop with front-end development languages and tools such as HTML, CSS, Javascript and React  ,Develop with front-end development languages and tools such as HTML, CSS, Javascript and React  ,Program applications with back-end development languages and tools such as Node.js  and NoSQL databases,Program applications with back-end development languages and tools such as Node.js  and NoSQL databases,Build and deploy applications using Cloud Native methodologies and tools, CI/CD toolchains, and build your portfolio using GitHub,Build and deploy applications using Cloud Native methodologies and tools, CI/CD toolchains, and build your portfolio using GitHub,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cloud Computing, Cloud Applications, IBM Cloud, Javascript, Cloud Infrastructure, Cloud Platforms, DevOps, Cloud Management, Computer Programming, Web Development, Cloud API, Continuous Integration, Cloud Storage, Software As A Service, Continuous Delivery, Programming Principles, NoSQL, Computer Science, Front-End Web Development, React (web framework)
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/ibm-cloud-application-development-foundations this url.Course name is Google Advanced Data Analytics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Explore the roles of data professionals within an organization ,Explore the roles of data professionals within an organization ,Create data visualizations and apply statistical methods to investigate data,Create data visualizations and apply statistical methods to investigate data,Build regression and machine learning models to analyze and interpret data,Build regression and machine learning models to analyze and interpret data,Communicate insights from data analysis to stakeholders,Communicate insights from data analysis to stakeholders,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, Computer Programming, Data Analysis, Data Visualization, Exploratory Data Analysis, General Statistics, Machine Learning, Planning, Probability Distribution, Project Management, Python Programming, Regression, Statistical Analysis, Tableau Software
. The level of difficulty for this course is Advanced. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/google-advanced-data-analytics this url.Course name is IBM Business Intelligence (BI) Analyst. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the SkillUp EdTech. The course instructor is Dr. Pooja. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Build skills in SQL queries, relational databases, data gathering and cleaning, data warehousing, data analysis and reporting techniques.,Build skills in SQL queries, relational databases, data gathering and cleaning, data warehousing, data analysis and reporting techniques.,Apply statistical analysis methods to identify trends, create visualizations, and build dashboards using Tableau, Excel, Cognos, and Looker.,Apply statistical analysis methods to identify trends, create visualizations, and build dashboards using Tableau, Excel, Cognos, and Looker.,Generate valuable insights through data warehousing, profiling, and evaluation, leading to informed decision-making and process improvement.,Generate valuable insights through data warehousing, profiling, and evaluation, leading to informed decision-making and process improvement.,Utilize BI analytics to consult with stakeholders, define goals, implement strategies, and develop effective projects for a rewarding career in BI.,Utilize BI analytics to consult with stakeholders, define goals, implement strategies, and develop effective projects for a rewarding career in BI.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Management, Data Visualization, Databases, SQL, Database Administration, Database Application, Database Design, Microsoft Excel, Data Structures, Python Programming, Data Analysis, Data Architecture, Database Theory, Spreadsheet Software, Plot (Graphics), Computer Programming, Data Model, Data Warehousing, General Statistics, Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Basic Descriptive Statistics, Probability & Statistics, Statistical Analysis, Statistical Tests, NoSQL, PostgreSQL, Professional Development, Statistical Visualization, Business Analysis, Data Visualization Software, Data Mining, Data Science, Interactive Data Visualization, R Programming, Tableau Software, Business Intelligence, Forecasting
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/bi-analyst this url.Course name is Generative AI with Large Language Models. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Gain foundational knowledge, practical skills, and a functional understanding of how generative AI works,Gain foundational knowledge, practical skills, and a functional understanding of how generative AI works,Dive into the latest research on Gen AI to understand how companies are creating value with cutting-edge technology,Dive into the latest research on Gen AI to understand how companies are creating value with cutting-edge technology,Instruction from expert AWS AI practitioners who actively build and deploy AI in business use-cases today,Instruction from expert AWS AI practitioners who actively build and deploy AI in business use-cases today,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Python Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/generative-ai-with-llms this url.Course name is Microsoft Power BI Data Analyst. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Microsoft. The course instructor is  Microsoft. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Learn to use Power BI to connect to data sources and transform them into meaningful insights.  ,Learn to use Power BI to connect to data sources and transform them into meaningful insights.  ,Prepare Excel data for analysis in Power BI using the most common formulas and functions in a worksheet.     ,Prepare Excel data for analysis in Power BI using the most common formulas and functions in a worksheet.     ,Learn to use the visualization and report capabilities of Power BI to create compelling reports and dashboards.  ,Learn to use the visualization and report capabilities of Power BI to create compelling reports and dashboards.  ,Demonstrate your new skills with a capstone project and prepare for the industry-recognized Microsoft PL-300 Certification exam.   ,Demonstrate your new skills with a capstone project and prepare for the industry-recognized Microsoft PL-300 Certification exam.   ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, Data Management, Data Mining, Data Model, Data Visualization, Extract, Transform, Load, Microsoft Excel, Power BI, SQL
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/microsoft-power-bi-data-analyst this url.Course name is DevOps, Cloud, and Agile Foundations. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is John Rofrano. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 DevOps essential characteristics including culture, behavior, practices, tools, methodologies, technologies and metrics.,DevOps essential characteristics including culture, behavior, practices, tools, methodologies, technologies and metrics.,Core concepts of Cloud Computing, including its benefits, models, use cases,  platforms, services, resources and opportunities.,Core concepts of Cloud Computing, including its benefits, models, use cases,  platforms, services, resources and opportunities.,Agile practices of small batches, minimum viable products, pair programming, behavior- and test-driven development. ,Agile practices of small batches, minimum viable products, pair programming, behavior- and test-driven development. ,Scrum methodologies to create a product backlog, write user stories, use the sprint planning process, and measure performance.,Scrum methodologies to create a product backlog, write user stories, use the sprint planning process, and measure performance.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  DevOps, Cloud Computing, Software Engineering, Agile Software Development, Continuous Delivery, Continuous Integration, Scrum (Software Development), Cloud Applications, Cloud Infrastructure, Cloud Platforms, Cloud Storage, IBM Cloud, Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/devops-cloud-and-agile-foundations this url.Course name is IBM and ISC2 Cybersecurity Specialist. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Multiple educators. The course instructor is IBM Skills Network Team. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Recognize the importance of data security and integrity and identify preferred practices for authentication, encryption, and device security.,Recognize the importance of data security and integrity and identify preferred practices for authentication, encryption, and device security.,Develop working knowledge of different security threats, breaches, malware, social engineering, and other attack vectors.,Develop working knowledge of different security threats, breaches, malware, social engineering, and other attack vectors.,Master the most up-to-date practical skills and knowledge cybersecurity specialists use in their daily roles.,Master the most up-to-date practical skills and knowledge cybersecurity specialists use in their daily roles.,Identify types of network (cyber) threats and attacks and leverage common tools to prevent these threats.,Identify types of network (cyber) threats and attacks and leverage common tools to prevent these threats.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Security Incident Management, Risk Management, Cloud Computing, System Security, Computer Networking, Cloud Storage, Operating Systems, Leadership and Management, Network Security, Cloud Platforms, Network Architecture, Networking Hardware, Cloud Applications, Cloud Infrastructure, Computer Programming, Cyberattacks, Databases, DevOps, Security Engineering, Cryptography, IBM Cloud, Operations Management, Software Engineering
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/ibm-isc2-cybersecurity-specialist this url.Course name is Foundations of Project Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describe project management skills, roles, and responsibilities across a variety of industries,Describe project management skills, roles, and responsibilities across a variety of industries,Explain the project management life cycle and compare different program management methodologies ,Explain the project management life cycle and compare different program management methodologies ,Define organizational structure and organizational culture and explain how it impacts project management.,Define organizational structure and organizational culture and explain how it impacts project management.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Project Management, Strategy and Operations, Business Communication, Change Management, Organizational Development, Communication, Culture, Emotional Intelligence, Influencing, Leadership and Management, People Management, Planning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/project-management-foundations this url.Course name is IBM IT Support. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is IBM Skills Network Team. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Master the most up-to-date practical skills and tools used by IT support professionals and how to apply them in an everyday professional setting,Master the most up-to-date practical skills and tools used by IT support professionals and how to apply them in an everyday professional setting,Learn hardware and software skills that help users select, install, and configure their devices, operations systems, and applications,Learn hardware and software skills that help users select, install, and configure their devices, operations systems, and applications,Develop a strong IT foundation in topics including cybersecurity, networking, cloud, databases, and be prepared for CompTIA certification exams,Develop a strong IT foundation in topics including cybersecurity, networking, cloud, databases, and be prepared for CompTIA certification exams,Practice customer service and troubleshooting skills by using ticketing systems, hands-on labs, demos, and interactive exercises,Practice customer service and troubleshooting skills by using ticketing systems, hands-on labs, demos, and interactive exercises,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cloud Computing, Computer Networking, Cloud Storage, Customer Success, Operating Systems, Leadership and Management, System Security, Strategy and Operations, Cloud Applications, Cloud Infrastructure, Cloud Platforms, Communication, Computer Programming, Cyberattacks, Customer Support, Databases, DevOps, Networking Hardware, Cryptography, IBM Cloud, Information Technology, Network Architecture, Network Security, Security Engineering, Software Engineering
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/ibm-technical-support this url.Course name is Meta Front-End Developer. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Meta. The course instructor is Taught by Meta Staff. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Create a responsive website using HTML to structure content, CSS to handle visual style, and JavaScript to develop interactive experiences. ,Create a responsive website using HTML to structure content, CSS to handle visual style, and JavaScript to develop interactive experiences. ,Learn to use React in relation to Javascript libraries and frameworks.,Learn to use React in relation to Javascript libraries and frameworks.,Learn Bootstrap CSS Framework to create webpages and work with GitHub repositories and version control.,Learn Bootstrap CSS Framework to create webpages and work with GitHub repositories and version control.,Prepare for a coding interview, learn best approaches to problem-solving, and build portfolio-ready projects you can share during job interviews.,Prepare for a coding interview, learn best approaches to problem-solving, and build portfolio-ready projects you can share during job interviews.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  HTML and CSS, Javascript, Front-End Web Development, React (web framework), Web Development, User Experience, Algorithms, Computer Science, Web Design, Application Development, Computer Programming, Software Engineering, Web Development Tools, Collaboration, Communication, Data Structures, Human Computer Interaction, Interactive Design, Linux, Problem Solving, Product Design, Software Engineering Tools, Software Testing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/meta-front-end-developer this url.Course name is Generative AI Fundamentals. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Rav Ahuja. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Explain the fundamental concepts, capabilities, models, tools, applications, and platforms of generative AI foundation models.,Explain the fundamental concepts, capabilities, models, tools, applications, and platforms of generative AI foundation models.,Apply powerful prompt engineering techniques to write effective prompts and generate desired outcomes from AI models.,Apply powerful prompt engineering techniques to write effective prompts and generate desired outcomes from AI models.,Discuss the limitations of generative AI and explain the ethical concerns and considerations for the responsible use of generative AI.,Discuss the limitations of generative AI and explain the ethical concerns and considerations for the responsible use of generative AI.,Recognize the ability of generative AI to enhance your career and help implement improvements at your workplace.,Recognize the ability of generative AI to enhance your career and help implement improvements at your workplace.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Artificial Neural Networks, Business Transformation, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/generative-ai-for-everyone this url.Course name is IBM Data Warehouse Engineer. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Rav Ahuja. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Master the most up-to-date practical skills and knowledge data warehouse engineers use in their daily roles,Master the most up-to-date practical skills and knowledge data warehouse engineers use in their daily roles,Learn how to deploy, manage, secure, operationalize, monitor and optimize relational database systems like MySQL, PostgreSQL, and BD2,Learn how to deploy, manage, secure, operationalize, monitor and optimize relational database systems like MySQL, PostgreSQL, and BD2,Develop working knowledge of various types of SQL and queries to access and manipulate data in databases,Develop working knowledge of various types of SQL and queries to access and manipulate data in databases,Design and populate data warehouses and analyze the data with Business Intelligence (BI) tools like Cognos Analytics,Design and populate data warehouses and analyze the data with Business Intelligence (BI) tools like Cognos Analytics,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Management, Databases, Database Administration, SQL, Database Application, Extract, Transform, Load, Data Warehousing, Database Design, Data Structures, Data Engineering, Computer Programming, Data Analysis, Data Architecture, Database Theory, Apache, Python Programming, Leadership and Management, Professional Development, Big Data, Data Model, Distributed Computing Architecture, PostgreSQL, Operational Analysis, Process Analysis, System Programming, Cloud Computing, Linux, IBM Cloud, Network Security, NoSQL, Business Intelligence, Data Science
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/data-warehouse-engineering this url.Course name is Google IT Automation with Python. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Automate tasks by writing Python scripts,Automate tasks by writing Python scripts,Use Git and GitHub for version control,Use Git and GitHub for version control,Manage IT resources at scale, both for physical machines and virtual machines in the cloud ,Manage IT resources at scale, both for physical machines and virtual machines in the cloud ,Analyze real-world IT problems and implement the appropriate strategies to solve those problems,Analyze real-world IT problems and implement the appropriate strategies to solve those problems,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cloud Computing, Cloud Platforms, Collaboration, Computer Programming, Data Structures, Google Cloud Platform, Leadership and Management, Problem Solving, Python Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/google-it-automation this url.Course name is Information Technology (IT) and Cloud Fundamentals. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is IBM Skills Network Team. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Operating systems history, installation, configuration, and hardware connectors and peripheral identification and troubleshooting techniques.,Operating systems history, installation, configuration, and hardware connectors and peripheral identification and troubleshooting techniques.,Software management, cloud computing characteristics, benefits and trends, web browser essentials, software development basics, and database basics.,Software management, cloud computing characteristics, benefits and trends, web browser essentials, software development basics, and database basics.,Commonly used storage and network types, common security risks, and secure browsing practices.,Commonly used storage and network types, common security risks, and secure browsing practices.,Application of technical and troubleshooting skills for an IT customer support role.,Application of technical and troubleshooting skills for an IT customer support role.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cloud Computing, Computer Networking, Cloud Storage, Operating Systems, System Security, Cloud Applications, Cloud Infrastructure, Cloud Platforms, Cyberattacks, Databases, DevOps, Networking Hardware, Computer Programming, Cryptography, IBM Cloud, Network Architecture, Network Security, Security Engineering, Software Engineering
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/it-cloud-fundamentals this url.Course name is Generative AI for Data Analysts. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Dr. Pooja. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Apply your skills to recognize real-world generative AI uses and identify popular generative AI models and tools.,Apply your skills to recognize real-world generative AI uses and identify popular generative AI models and tools.,Gain knowledge of generative AI prompt engineering concepts, examples, common tools and techniques needed to create effective, impactful prompts.,Gain knowledge of generative AI prompt engineering concepts, examples, common tools and techniques needed to create effective, impactful prompts.,Identify appropriate generative AI tools for data analytics.,Identify appropriate generative AI tools for data analytics.,Examine real-world applications where generative AI can enhance data analytics workflows.,Examine real-world applications where generative AI can enhance data analytics workflows.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Artificial Neural Networks, Data Analysis, Natural Language Processing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/generative-ai-for-data-analysts this url.Course name is Generative AI for Software Developers. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Rav Ahuja. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Identify real-world generative AI uses and describe popular generative AI models and tools for text, code, image, audio, and video,Identify real-world generative AI uses and describe popular generative AI models and tools for text, code, image, audio, and video,Explain generative AI prompt engineering concepts, examples, and common tools and learn techniques needed to create effective, impactful prompts ,Explain generative AI prompt engineering concepts, examples, and common tools and learn techniques needed to create effective, impactful prompts ,Learn about tools and techniques to generate code snippets, scripts, test cases, and applications using generative AI models ,Learn about tools and techniques to generate code snippets, scripts, test cases, and applications using generative AI models ,Develop innovative software engineering solutions using AI-powered tools and LLMs  ,Develop innovative software engineering solutions using AI-powered tools and LLMs  ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Artificial Neural Networks, Natural Language Processing, Software Engineering
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/generative-ai-for-software-developers this url.Course name is IBM Generative AI for Cybersecurity Professionals. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Dr. Manish Kumar. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Apply your skills to recognize real-world generative AI uses and identify popular generative AI models and tools for text, code, image, audio, video.,Apply your skills to recognize real-world generative AI uses and identify popular generative AI models and tools for text, code, image, audio, video.,Gain knowledge of generative AI prompt engineering concepts, examples, common tools and learn techniques needed to create impactful prompts.,Gain knowledge of generative AI prompt engineering concepts, examples, common tools and learn techniques needed to create impactful prompts.,Learn how to identify appropriate generative AI tools for cybersecurity.,Learn how to identify appropriate generative AI tools for cybersecurity.,Apply your generative AI skills to address standard and advanced cybersecurity needs.,Apply your generative AI skills to address standard and advanced cybersecurity needs.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Artificial Neural Networks, Natural Language Processing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/generative-ai-for-cybersecurity-professionals this url.Course name is Generative AI for Data Engineers. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Abhishek Gagneja. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Apply your skills to recognize real-world generative AI uses and identify generative AI models and tools for text, code, image, audio, and video.,Apply your skills to recognize real-world generative AI uses and identify generative AI models and tools for text, code, image, audio, and video.,Explain generative AI prompt engineering concepts, examples, and common tools and learn techniques needed to create effective, impactful prompts.,Explain generative AI prompt engineering concepts, examples, and common tools and learn techniques needed to create effective, impactful prompts.,Implement data engineering processes such as data warehouse schema design, data generation, augmentation and anonymization using generative AI tools,Implement data engineering processes such as data warehouse schema design, data generation, augmentation and anonymization using generative AI tools,Evaluate real-world case studies showcasing the successful application of generative AI for ETL and data repositories,Evaluate real-world case studies showcasing the successful application of generative AI for ETL and data repositories,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Artificial Neural Networks, Natural Language Processing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/generative-ai-for-data-engineers this url.Course name is Generative AI for Data Scientists. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Dr. Pooja. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Apply skills to recognize real-world generative AI uses and identify popular generative AI models and tools for text, code, image, audio, and video,Apply skills to recognize real-world generative AI uses and identify popular generative AI models and tools for text, code, image, audio, and video,Understand generative AI prompt engineering concepts, examples, and common tools and learn techniques to create effective, impactful prompts,Understand generative AI prompt engineering concepts, examples, and common tools and learn techniques to create effective, impactful prompts,Learn how to identify appropriate generative AI tools for data science use cases,Learn how to identify appropriate generative AI tools for data science use cases,Apply generative AI prompt techniques to generate and augment datasets and to develop and refine machine learning models,Apply generative AI prompt techniques to generate and augment datasets and to develop and refine machine learning models,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Artificial Neural Networks, Data Analysis, Data Science, Natural Language Processing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/generative-ai-for-data-scientists this url.Course name is AI For Everyone. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Workflow of Machine Learning projects,AI terminology,Workflow of Data Science projects,AI strategy,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Science, Deep Learning, Machine Learning, Artificial Neural Networks, Business Transformation, Human Learning, Planning, Project Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/ai-for-everyone this url.Course name is Foundations: Data, Data, Everywhere. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Define and explain key concepts involved in data analytics including data, data analysis, and data ecosystems.,Define and explain key concepts involved in data analytics including data, data analysis, and data ecosystems.,Conduct an analytical thinking self assessment giving specific examples of the application of analytical thinking.,Conduct an analytical thinking self assessment giving specific examples of the application of analytical thinking.,Discuss the role of spreadsheets, query languages, and data visualization tools in data analytics.,Discuss the role of spreadsheets, query languages, and data visualization tools in data analytics.,Describe the role of a data analyst with specific reference to jobs.,Describe the role of a data analyst with specific reference to jobs.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, SQL, Data Visualization, Business Analysis, Spreadsheet Software, Data Science, Databases, Microsoft Excel
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/foundations-data this url.Course name is IBM AI Engineering. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Romeo Kienzler. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describe machine learning, deep learning, neural networks, and ML algorithms like classification, regression, clustering, and dimensional reduction ,Describe machine learning, deep learning, neural networks, and ML algorithms like classification, regression, clustering, and dimensional reduction ,,,Implement supervised and unsupervised machine learning models using SciPy and ScikitLearn ,Implement supervised and unsupervised machine learning models using SciPy and ScikitLearn ,,,Deploy machine learning algorithms and pipelines on Apache Spark ,Deploy machine learning algorithms and pipelines on Apache Spark ,,,Build deep learning models and neural networks using Keras, PyTorch, and TensorFlow ,Build deep learning models and neural networks using Keras, PyTorch, and TensorFlow ,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Artificial Neural Networks, Human Learning, Python Programming, Machine Learning Algorithms, Applied Machine Learning, Algorithms, Machine Learning Software, Regression, Network Model, Statistical Machine Learning, Computer Vision, Apache, Big Data, Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Computer Programming, Data Analysis, Network Architecture, Extract, Transform, Load, Data Visualization, Tensorflow, Visualization (Computer Graphics), Dimensionality Reduction, Data Science
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/ai-engineer this url.Course name is BI Foundations with SQL, ETL and Data Warehousing. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Rav Ahuja. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Write SQL queries to work with relational databases including CREATE TABLE, SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE, ORDER, JOIN, Functions, etc.,Write SQL queries to work with relational databases including CREATE TABLE, SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE, ORDER, JOIN, Functions, etc.,Execute commonly used Linux commands;  Automate Extract, Transform and Load (ETL) jobs and data pipelines using BASH scripts, Apache Airflow & Kafka,Execute commonly used Linux commands;  Automate Extract, Transform and Load (ETL) jobs and data pipelines using BASH scripts, Apache Airflow & Kafka,Design Data Warehouses using star and snowflake schemas, loading and verify data in staging areas, build cubes, rollups and materialized views/tables,Design Data Warehouses using star and snowflake schemas, loading and verify data in staging areas, build cubes, rollups and materialized views/tables,Analyze data in warehouses using interactive reports and dashboards using BI tools such as Cognos Analytics,Analyze data in warehouses using interactive reports and dashboards using BI tools such as Cognos Analytics,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Management, Extract, Transform, Load, Data Warehousing, Database Administration, Apache, Computer Programming, Python Programming, Data Analysis, Databases, Big Data, Database Application, Distributed Computing Architecture, System Programming, Cloud Computing, Database Design, Linux, Operational Analysis, Process Analysis, Professional Development, SQL, Business Intelligence, IBM Cloud, PostgreSQL
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/bi-foundations-sql-etl-data-warehouse this url.Course name is IBM Full-Stack JavaScript Developer. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is IBM Skills Network Team. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Master the full-stack development languages, frameworks, tools, and technologies to develop job-ready skills valued by employers.,Master the full-stack development languages, frameworks, tools, and technologies to develop job-ready skills valued by employers.,Write, deploy, and scale cloud-native back-end applications using Node, NoSQL databases, containers, microservices, and serverless.,Write, deploy, and scale cloud-native back-end applications using Node, NoSQL databases, containers, microservices, and serverless.,Develop websites and front-end software using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and React.,Develop websites and front-end software using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and React.,Employ DevOps practices and Agile methodologies to continuously build and deploy software using CI/CD tools.,Employ DevOps practices and Agile methodologies to continuously build and deploy software using CI/CD tools.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Software Engineering, Application Development, Computer Programming, Software Architecture, Software Engineering Tools, Cloud Applications, Web Development, Cloud Computing, Communication, DevOps, Programming Principles, Agile Software Development, Cloud Infrastructure, Cloud-Based Integration, IBM Cloud, Kubernetes, Microarchitecture, Systems Design, Javascript, Continuous Delivery, Distributed Computing Architecture, Docker (Software), Front-End Web Development, Leadership and Management, User Experience Design, Collaboration, Continuous Integration, Computer Science, Mergers & Acquisitions, NoSQL, Python Programming, React (web framework)
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/ibm-full-stack-javascript-developer this url.Course name is Supervised Machine Learning: Regression and Classification. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Andrew Ng. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Build machine learning models in Python using popular machine learning libraries NumPy & scikit-learn,Build machine learning models in Python using popular machine learning libraries NumPy & scikit-learn,Build & train supervised machine learning models for prediction & binary classification tasks, including linear regression & logistic regression,Build & train supervised machine learning models for prediction & binary classification tasks, including linear regression & logistic regression,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Regression, Applied Machine Learning, Algorithms, Statistical Machine Learning, Mathematics, Critical Thinking, Machine Learning Software, Python Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning this url.Course name is AI in Healthcare. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Stanford University. The course instructor is Serena Yeung. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Identify problems healthcare providers face that machine learning can solve,Identify problems healthcare providers face that machine learning can solve,Analyze how AI affects patient care safety, quality, and research,Analyze how AI affects patient care safety, quality, and research,Relate AI to the science, practice, and business of medicine,Relate AI to the science, practice, and business of medicine,Apply the building blocks of AI to help you innovate and understand emerging technologies  ,Apply the building blocks of AI to help you innovate and understand emerging technologies  ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Leadership and Management, Data Analysis, Critical Thinking, Data Mining
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/ai-healthcare this url.Course name is Foundations of Cybersecurity. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Recognize core skills and knowledge needed to become a cybersecurity analyst,Recognize core skills and knowledge needed to become a cybersecurity analyst,Identify how security attacks impact business operations,Identify how security attacks impact business operations,Explain security ethics,Explain security ethics,Identify common tools used by cybersecurity analysts,Identify common tools used by cybersecurity analysts,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Linux, Computer Programming, Leadership and Management, Risk Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/foundations-of-cybersecurity this url.Course name is Generative AI for Everyone. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 What generative AI is and how it works, its common use cases, and what this technology can and cannot do.,What generative AI is and how it works, its common use cases, and what this technology can and cannot do.,How to think through the lifecycle of a generative AI project, from conception to launch, including how to build effective prompts.,How to think through the lifecycle of a generative AI project, from conception to launch, including how to build effective prompts.,,,The potential opportunities and risks that generative AI technologies present to individuals, businesses, and society.,The potential opportunities and risks that generative AI technologies present to individuals, businesses, and society.,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Strategy
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/generative-ai-for-everyone this url.Course name is Business Foundations. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Michael R Roberts. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand branding and go-to-market strategies,Understand branding and go-to-market strategies,Read income statements, balance sheets, and cash flow statements,Read income statements, balance sheets, and cash flow statements,Manage people through motivation and reward systems,Manage people through motivation and reward systems,Analyze and improve business processes in services or manufacturing,Analyze and improve business processes in services or manufacturing,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Accounting, Finance, General Accounting, Decision Making, Financial Accounting, Strategy and Operations, Account Management, Accounts Payable and Receivable, Cost Accounting, Leadership and Management, Strategy, Cash Management, Communication, Financial Analysis, Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), Marketing, Brand Management, Budget Management, Customer Analysis, Market Analysis, Marketing Design, Product Marketing, Product Strategy, Entrepreneurship, Human Resources, People Analysis, Performance Management, Customer Relationship Management, Data Analysis, Estimation, Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Sales, Change Management, Human Resources Operations, Talent Management, Planning, Operations Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/wharton-business-foundations this url.Course name is IBM IT Project Manager. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the SkillUp EdTech. The course instructor is John Rofrano. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Master the most up-to-date practical skills and tools IT project managers use in their daily roles,Master the most up-to-date practical skills and tools IT project managers use in their daily roles,Learn Agile concepts of adaptive planning, iterative development, and continuous improvement leading to early deliveries and high customer value,Learn Agile concepts of adaptive planning, iterative development, and continuous improvement leading to early deliveries and high customer value,Track and manage projects, including addressing difficult client situations and how activities shift throughout the project management lifecycle,Track and manage projects, including addressing difficult client situations and how activities shift throughout the project management lifecycle,Apply your new skills to real-world projects and hands-on labs,Apply your new skills to real-world projects and hands-on labs,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Software Engineering, Agile Software Development, Computer Programming, Software Engineering Tools, Application Development, Programming Principles, Software Architecture, Communication, Cloud Applications, Scrum (Software Development), Systems Design, User Experience Design, DevOps, Leadership and Management, Project Management, Business Analysis, Cloud Computing, IBM Cloud, Information Technology, Operating Systems, Python Programming, Risk Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/ibm-it-project-manager this url.Course name is IBM Back-end JavaScript Developer. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is IBM Skills Network Team. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 back-end development,Node.Js,JavaScript,Devops,express,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Software Engineering, Application Development, Computer Programming, Software Architecture, Software Engineering Tools, Cloud Applications, Web Development, Cloud Computing, Communication, DevOps, Programming Principles, Agile Software Development, Cloud Infrastructure, Cloud-Based Integration, IBM Cloud, Kubernetes, Microarchitecture, Systems Design, Javascript, Continuous Delivery, Distributed Computing Architecture, Docker (Software), Leadership and Management, User Experience Design, Collaboration, Continuous Integration, Computer Science, Mergers & Acquisitions, NoSQL, Python Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/backend-javascript-developer this url.Course name is IBM Front-End Developer. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is IBM Skills Network Team. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Master the most up-to-date practical skills and tools that front-end developers use in their daily roles,Master the most up-to-date practical skills and tools that front-end developers use in their daily roles,Learn how to develop web pages using programming languages like HTML, CSS,  JavaScript, and React,Learn how to develop web pages using programming languages like HTML, CSS,  JavaScript, and React,Apply user interface and user experience (UI/UX) principles and best practices; manage your code with GitHub repositories and branches,Apply user interface and user experience (UI/UX) principles and best practices; manage your code with GitHub repositories and branches,Gain technical experience through hands-on labs and projects and build a portfolio to showcase your work to potential employers,Gain technical experience through hands-on labs and projects and build a portfolio to showcase your work to potential employers,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Software Engineering, Cloud Applications, Application Development, Computer Programming, Software Engineering Tools, Cloud Computing, IBM Cloud, Programming Principles, Web Development, Agile Software Development, Cloud API, Cloud Infrastructure, Cloud Management, Cloud Platforms, Communication, DevOps, Software Architecture, Continuous Integration, Software As A Service, Continuous Delivery, Front-End Web Development, Leadership and Management, Systems Design, User Experience Design, Collaboration, Javascript, NoSQL, Mergers & Acquisitions, Python Programming, React (web framework), Search Engine Optimization, Strategy
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/ibm-frontend-developer this url.Course name is Meta Social Media Marketing. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Meta. The course instructor is Anke Audenaert. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Establish an online presence, build a following, and manage your social media accounts,Establish an online presence, build a following, and manage your social media accounts,Develop effective social media posts and create a strong social media brand presence,Develop effective social media posts and create a strong social media brand presence,Create Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns in Meta Ads Manager that drive business results,Create Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns in Meta Ads Manager that drive business results,Learn to evaluate and interpret the results of your social posts and advertising campaigns,Learn to evaluate and interpret the results of your social posts and advertising campaigns,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Marketing, Digital Marketing, Social Media, Advertising, Communication, Media Strategy & Planning, Marketing Management, Customer Analysis, Brand Management, Business Analysis, Marketing Design, Sales, Strategy and Operations, Data Analysis, General Statistics, Market Analysis, Probability & Statistics, Leadership and Management, Research and Design, Creativity, Planning, Entrepreneurship
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/facebook-social-media-marketing this url.Course name is Mathematics for Machine Learning and Data Science. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Luis Serrano. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 A deep understanding of the math that makes machine learning algorithms work.,A deep understanding of the math that makes machine learning algorithms work.,Statistical techniques that empower you to get more out of your data analysis.,Statistical techniques that empower you to get more out of your data analysis.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Calculus, Differential Equations, Mathematics, Machine Learning Algorithms, Regression, Algebra, Algorithms, Artificial Neural Networks, General Statistics, Linear Algebra, Probability & Statistics, Statistical Analysis
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/mathematics-for-machine-learning-and-data-science this url.Course name is IBM Applied DevOps Engineering. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is John Rofrano. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Write quality agile user stories, estimate and assign story points to them, and track stories using a kanban board on ZenHub,Write quality agile user stories, estimate and assign story points to them, and track stories using a kanban board on ZenHub,Develop RESTful Python microservices, test with TDD methods, practice CI/CD, and deploy using serverless and container technologies like Kubernetes,Develop RESTful Python microservices, test with TDD methods, practice CI/CD, and deploy using serverless and container technologies like Kubernetes,Develop and execute unit tests with test driven development (TDD) methods including coverage reports, factories, fakes, and mock objects,Develop and execute unit tests with test driven development (TDD) methods including coverage reports, factories, fakes, and mock objects,Gain technical experience through hands on labs and projects and build a portfolio to demonstrate your job readiness,Gain technical experience through hands on labs and projects and build a portfolio to demonstrate your job readiness,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  DevOps, Software Engineering, Cloud Computing, Continuous Delivery, Continuous Integration, Application Development, Cloud Applications, Software Architecture, Security Engineering, Kubernetes, Computer Programming, Cloud Infrastructure, Cloud-Based Integration, Microarchitecture, Software Testing, Agile Software Development, Distributed Computing Architecture, IBM Cloud, Docker (Software), Scrum (Software Development), Software Security, Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/ibm-applied-devops-engineering this url.Course name is IBM IT Scrum Master. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the SkillUp EdTech. The course instructor is John Rofrano. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Master the most up-to-date practical skills and knowledge IT Scrum Masters use in their daily roles,Master the most up-to-date practical skills and knowledge IT Scrum Masters use in their daily roles,Learn Agile concepts of adaptive planning, iterative development, and continuous improvement, resulting in early customer deliveries and value,Learn Agile concepts of adaptive planning, iterative development, and continuous improvement, resulting in early customer deliveries and value,Gain knowledge regarding software engineering, Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC), software development tools, & DevOps essential characteristics,Gain knowledge regarding software engineering, Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC), software development tools, & DevOps essential characteristics,Apply your new skills to real-world projects, build a portfolio, and prepare for the CSM certification exam from Scrum Alliance,Apply your new skills to real-world projects, build a portfolio, and prepare for the CSM certification exam from Scrum Alliance,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  DevOps, Software Engineering, Computer Programming, Agile Software Development, Programming Principles, Software Engineering Tools, Application Development, Software Architecture, Communication, Continuous Delivery, Cloud Applications, Continuous Integration, Scrum (Software Development), Systems Design, User Experience Design, Leadership and Management, Project Management, Cloud Computing, IBM Cloud, Information Technology, Operating Systems, Python Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/ibm-it-scrum-master this url.Course name is Intuit Academy Bookkeeping. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Intuit. The course instructor is Intuit Academy Team. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Build a foundation of basic bookkeeping concepts and accounting measurement.,Build a foundation of basic bookkeeping concepts and accounting measurement.,Learn how to work through the various phases of the accounting cycle to produce key financial statements.,Learn how to work through the various phases of the accounting cycle to produce key financial statements.,Practice interpreting and analyzing financial statements to make key business decisions.,Practice interpreting and analyzing financial statements to make key business decisions.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Accounting, General Accounting, Financial Accounting, Business Analysis, Data Analysis, Financial Analysis, Cash Management, Finance, Financial Management, Accounts Payable and Receivable, Cost Accounting, Inventory Management, Accounting Software, Taxes
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/intuit-bookkeeping this url.Course name is Python for Everybody. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Michigan. The course instructor is Charles Russell Severance. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Json,Xml,Python Programming,Database (DBMS),
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, Python Programming, Computer Programming Tools, Programming Principles, Data Structures, Computational Thinking, Computational Logic, Data Analysis, Software Engineering, Algorithms, Critical Thinking, Problem Solving, Data Architecture, Data Management, Database Application, Databases, Theoretical Computer Science, Database Administration, Data Model, Data Visualization, Database Design, Database Theory, Network Architecture, Web Development, Web Development Tools, Computer Networking, SQL, HTML and CSS
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/python this url.Course name is Foundations of Digital Marketing and E-commerce. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Define the fields of digital marketing and e-commerce,Define the fields of digital marketing and e-commerce,Describe the job responsibilities of an entry-level digital marketer and e-commerce specialist,Describe the job responsibilities of an entry-level digital marketer and e-commerce specialist,Explain the concept of a marketing funnel,Explain the concept of a marketing funnel,Understand the elements and goals of a digital marketing and e-commerce strategy,Understand the elements and goals of a digital marketing and e-commerce strategy,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Digital Marketing, Marketing, E-Commerce, Strategy, Data Analysis, Social Media
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/foundations-of-digital-marketing-and-e-commerce this url.Course name is Technical Support Fundamentals. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Binary Code,Customer Support,Linux,Troubleshooting,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, Computer Architecture, Computer Networking, Customer Support, Networking Hardware
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/technical-support-fundamentals this url.Course name is Machine Learning Engineering for Production (MLOps). This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Andrew Ng. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Design an ML production system end-to-end: project scoping, data needs, modeling strategies, and deployment requirements.,Design an ML production system end-to-end: project scoping, data needs, modeling strategies, and deployment requirements.,,,Establish a model baseline, address concept drift, and prototype how to develop, deploy, and continuously improve a productionized ML application.,Establish a model baseline, address concept drift, and prototype how to develop, deploy, and continuously improve a productionized ML application.,,,Build data pipelines by gathering, cleaning, and validating datasets. Establish data lifecycle by using data lineage and provenance metadata tools.,Build data pipelines by gathering, cleaning, and validating datasets. Establish data lifecycle by using data lineage and provenance metadata tools.,,,Apply best practices and progressive delivery techniques to maintain and monitor a continuously operating production system.,Apply best practices and progressive delivery techniques to maintain and monitor a continuously operating production system.,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Applied Machine Learning, Tensorflow, Python Programming, Statistical Programming, DevOps, Devops Tools, Exploratory Data Analysis, Feature Engineering, Machine Learning Software, Probability & Statistics, Cloud Computing, Cloud Infrastructure, Google Cloud Platform, Other Cloud Platforms and Tools, Performance Management, Strategy and Operations, Kubernetes, Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Advanced. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/machine-learning-engineering-for-production-mlops this url.Course name is AI For Business. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Michael R Roberts. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Artificial Intelligence (AI),Analytics,Machine Learning,Management,Fraud Prevention,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Applied Machine Learning, Data Analysis, Algorithms, Human Learning, Leadership and Management, Business Analysis, Decision Making, Human Resources, People Management, People Analysis, Artificial Neural Networks, Deep Learning, Business Transformation, Customer Analysis, Finance, Financial Accounting, Marketing, Probability & Statistics, Regulations and Compliance, Statistical Machine Learning, Strategy, User Experience, Big Data
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/ai-for-business-wharton this url.Course name is IBM Cybersecurity Analyst. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is IBM Skills Network Team. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Develop knowledge of cybersecurity analyst tools including data protection; endpoint protection; SIEM; and systems and network fundamentals.   ,Develop knowledge of cybersecurity analyst tools including data protection; endpoint protection; SIEM; and systems and network fundamentals.   ,Learn about key compliance and threat intelligence topics important in today’s cybersecurity landscape. ,Learn about key compliance and threat intelligence topics important in today’s cybersecurity landscape. ,Gain skills for incident responses and forensics with real-world cybersecurity case studies.,Gain skills for incident responses and forensics with real-world cybersecurity case studies.,Get hands-on experience to develop skills via industry specific and open source Security tools.,Get hands-on experience to develop skills via industry specific and open source Security tools.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cryptography, Python Programming, Linux, Network Security, Security Strategy, Software Security, System Software, Computer Security Incident Management, Networking Hardware, Security Software, Cloud Computing, Cyberattacks, DevOps, Mobile Security, Computer Programming, Databases, Leadership and Management, Operating Systems, SQL, System Security
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/ibm-cybersecurity-analyst this url.Course name is Meta React Native. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Meta. The course instructor is Taught by Meta Staff. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Gain the skills required to create apps across different platforms and devices.,Gain the skills required to create apps across different platforms and devices.,Learn programming fundamentals, how to create a user interface (UI) and best practices for designing the UI.  ,Learn programming fundamentals, how to create a user interface (UI) and best practices for designing the UI.  ,Become an expert in React Native, React, JavaScript, GitHub repositories and version control.,Become an expert in React Native, React, JavaScript, GitHub repositories and version control.,Walk away with a project-based portfolio that demonstrates your skills to employers. ,Walk away with a project-based portfolio that demonstrates your skills to employers. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  React (web framework), Javascript, Mobile Development, Mobile Development Tools, Web Development, HTML and CSS, Front-End Web Development, Web Development Tools, Application Development, Computer Programming, Programming Principles, User Experience, Web Design, Cross Platform Development, Software Engineering Tools, SQL, Software Engineering, Agile Software Development, Collaboration, Data Management, Human Computer Interaction, Interactive Design, Linux, Product Design, Product Lifecycle, Project Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/meta-react-native this url.Course name is IBM Project Manager. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the SkillUp EdTech. The course instructor is John Rofrano. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Master the most up-to-date concepts, tools, principles, and language project managers use in their daily roles.,Master the most up-to-date concepts, tools, principles, and language project managers use in their daily roles.,Track and manage projects, including addressing difficult client situations and how activities shift throughout the project management lifecycle.,Track and manage projects, including addressing difficult client situations and how activities shift throughout the project management lifecycle.,Incorporate Agile concepts of adaptive planning, iterative development, and continuous improvement leading to early deliveries and customer value.,Incorporate Agile concepts of adaptive planning, iterative development, and continuous improvement leading to early deliveries and customer value.,Apply your skills to projects and build a portfolio that showcases your proficiency to employers while preparing for the CAPM certification exam.,Apply your skills to projects and build a portfolio that showcases your proficiency to employers while preparing for the CAPM certification exam.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Software Engineering, Agile Software Development, Scrum (Software Development), Business Analysis, Communication, Leadership and Management, Project Management, Risk Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/ibm-project-manager this url.Course name is Finance & Quantitative Modeling for Analysts. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Michael R Roberts. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Harness the power of spreadsheets to map and predict data,Harness the power of spreadsheets to map and predict data,Create your own quantitative models,Create your own quantitative models,Read income and cash flow statements,Read income and cash flow statements,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Finance, Business Analysis, Data Analysis, Financial Analysis, Accounting, Forecasting, Financial Management, General Accounting, General Statistics, Statistical Analysis, Financial Accounting, Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Accounts Payable and Receivable, Probability & Statistics, Basic Descriptive Statistics, Cost Accounting, Data Model, Decision Making, Mathematics, Regression, Estimation, Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), Management Accounting, Statistical Tests, Budget Management, Microsoft Excel, Spreadsheet Software, Entrepreneurship, Computer Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/finance-quantitative-modeling-analysts this url.Course name is Introduction to Finance and Accounting. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Michael R Roberts. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Discounting and compounding arbitrary cash flow streams in order to value different claims and make better financial decisions.,Discounting and compounding arbitrary cash flow streams in order to value different claims and make better financial decisions.,Difference between NPV and Internal Rate of Return (IRR),Difference between NPV and Internal Rate of Return (IRR),Classification of cash flows into operating, investing, and financing activities,Classification of cash flows into operating, investing, and financing activities,How companies account for investments in debt and equity securities,How companies account for investments in debt and equity securities,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Accounting, Finance, Financial Accounting, General Accounting, Financial Analysis, Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), Accounts Payable and Receivable, Cost Accounting, Account Management, Cash Management, Decision Making, Estimation, Investment Management, Taxes, Budget Management, Management Accounting, Problem Solving, Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Mathematics, Data Analysis, Entrepreneurship
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/finance-accounting this url.Course name is IT Fundamentals for Cybersecurity. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is IBM Skills Network Team. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 networking basics,Cybersecurity,database vulnerabilities,Operating System Security,Cyber Attacks,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cryptography, Network Security, Linux, Networking Hardware, Security Software, System Software, Cloud Computing, Cyberattacks, Databases, Leadership and Management, Operating Systems, SQL, System Security
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/it-fundamentals-cybersecurity this url.Course name is Prompt Engineering for ChatGPT. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Vanderbilt University. The course instructor is Dr. Jules White. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to apply prompt engineering to effectively work with large language models, like ChatGPT,How to apply prompt engineering to effectively work with large language models, like ChatGPT,How to use prompt patterns to tap into powerful capabilities within large language models,How to use prompt patterns to tap into powerful capabilities within large language models,How to create complex prompt-based applications for your life, business, or education,How to create complex prompt-based applications for your life, business, or education,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Creativity, Problem Solving, Writing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/prompt-engineering this url.Course name is Meta Android Developer. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Meta. The course instructor is Taught by Meta Staff. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Gain the skills required for an entry-level career as an Android developer. ,Gain the skills required for an entry-level career as an Android developer. ,Learn how to create applications for Android including how to build and manage the lifecycle of a mobile app using Android Studio.,Learn how to create applications for Android including how to build and manage the lifecycle of a mobile app using Android Studio.,Learn coding in Kotlin and the programming fundamentals for how to create the user interface (UI) and best practices for design.   ,Learn coding in Kotlin and the programming fundamentals for how to create the user interface (UI) and best practices for design.   ,Create cross-platform mobile applications using React Native. Demonstrate your new skills by creating a job-ready portfolio you can show during interviews.,Create cross-platform mobile applications using React Native. Demonstrate your new skills by creating a job-ready portfolio you can show during interviews.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Mobile Development, Computer Programming, React (web framework), Mobile Development Tools, Application Development, Software Engineering, Android Development, Other Programming Languages, Web Development, User Experience, Algorithms, Computer Science, Front-End Web Development, Javascript, Programming Principles, Cloud API, Collaboration, Communication, Cross Platform Development, Data Management, Data Structures, Databases, Human Computer Interaction, Interactive Design, Linux, Problem Solving, Product Design, SQL, Software Architecture, Software Engineering Tools, Swift Programming, Web Design
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/meta-android-developer this url.Course name is Business and Financial Modeling. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Sergei Savin. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Create your own quantitative models,Create your own quantitative models,Harness the power of spreadsheets to map and predict data,Harness the power of spreadsheets to map and predict data,Understand the measurement and management of risk,Understand the measurement and management of risk,Structure your decision-making for optimum results,Structure your decision-making for optimum results,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Analysis, Data Analysis, Finance, General Statistics, Probability & Statistics, Financial Analysis, Statistical Analysis, Forecasting, Mathematics, Spreadsheet Software, Statistical Tests, Basic Descriptive Statistics, Data Model, Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Risk Management, Probability Distribution, Decision Making, Investment Management, Accounting, Leadership and Management, Regression, Data Analysis Software, Financial Accounting, Microsoft Excel, Performance Management, Cash Management, General Accounting, Computer Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/wharton-business-financial-modeling this url.Course name is Meta iOS Developer. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Meta. The course instructor is Taught by Meta Staff. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Gain the skills required for an entry-level career as an iOS developer.,Gain the skills required for an entry-level career as an iOS developer.,Learn how to create applications for iOS systems and how to manage the lifecycle of a mobile app. ,Learn how to create applications for iOS systems and how to manage the lifecycle of a mobile app. ,Learn programming fundamentals, how to create a user interface (UI) and best practices for designing the UI.  ,Learn programming fundamentals, how to create a user interface (UI) and best practices for designing the UI.  ,Create a portfolio with projects that show your ability to publish, deploy and maintain iOS apps as well as cross-platform apps using React Native.
,Create a portfolio with projects that show your ability to publish, deploy and maintain iOS apps as well as cross-platform apps using React Native.
,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Mobile Development, Swift Programming, iOS Development, Computer Programming, Mobile Development Tools, React (web framework), Application Development, Software Engineering, Data Structures, User Experience, User Experience Design, Web Development, Computer Programming Tools, Software Engineering Tools, Front-End Web Development, Algorithms, Computer Science, Interactive Design, Javascript, Collaboration, Communication, Cross Platform Development, Data Management, Django (Web Framework), Human Computer Interaction, Linux, Problem Solving, Product Design, Software Architecture, Web Design
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/meta-ios-developer this url.Course name is DeepLearning.AI TensorFlow Developer. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Laurence Moroney. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Best practices for TensorFlow, a popular open-source machine learning framework to train a neural network for a computer vision applications.,Best practices for TensorFlow, a popular open-source machine learning framework to train a neural network for a computer vision applications.,Handle real-world image data and explore strategies to prevent overfitting, including augmentation and dropout.,Handle real-world image data and explore strategies to prevent overfitting, including augmentation and dropout.,Build natural language processing systems using TensorFlow.,Build natural language processing systems using TensorFlow.,Apply RNNs, GRUs, and LSTMs as you train them using text repositories.,Apply RNNs, GRUs, and LSTMs as you train them using text repositories.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Tensorflow, Deep Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Artificial Neural Networks, Applied Machine Learning, Human Learning, Computer Programming, Python Programming, Machine Learning Software, Natural Language Processing, Computer Vision, Forecasting, Data Visualization, Network Model, Statistical Analysis
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/tensorflow-in-practice this url.Course name is Natural Language Processing. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Łukasz Kaiser. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Use logistic regression, naïve Bayes, and word vectors to implement sentiment analysis, complete analogies & translate words.,Use logistic regression, naïve Bayes, and word vectors to implement sentiment analysis, complete analogies & translate words.,,,,,Use dynamic programming, hidden Markov models, and word embeddings to implement autocorrect, autocomplete & identify part-of-speech tags for words.,Use dynamic programming, hidden Markov models, and word embeddings to implement autocorrect, autocomplete & identify part-of-speech tags for words.,,,,,Use recurrent neural networks, LSTMs, GRUs & Siamese networks in Trax for sentiment analysis, text generation & named entity recognition.,Use recurrent neural networks, LSTMs, GRUs & Siamese networks in Trax for sentiment analysis, text generation & named entity recognition.,,,,,Use encoder-decoder, causal, & self-attention to machine translate complete sentences, summarize text, build chatbots & question-answering.,Use encoder-decoder, causal, & self-attention to machine translate complete sentences, summarize text, build chatbots & question-answering.,,,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Python Programming, Statistical Programming, Artificial Neural Networks, Probability & Statistics, Statistical Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, General Statistics, Human Learning, Linear Algebra, Mathematics
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/natural-language-processing this url.Course name is Foundations of User Experience (UX) Design. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Identify common job responsibilities of entry-level UX designers and other teams you might work with. ,Identify common job responsibilities of entry-level UX designers and other teams you might work with. ,,,Understand foundational concepts in UX design, such as user-centered design, the design process, accessibility, and equity-focused design. ,Understand foundational concepts in UX design, such as user-centered design, the design process, accessibility, and equity-focused design. ,,,Explain why design sprints are an important and useful part of a UX designer’s work.,Explain why design sprints are an important and useful part of a UX designer’s work.,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  User Experience, User Experience Design, User Research, Product Development
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/foundations-user-experience-design this url.Course name is Project Initiation: Starting a Successful Project. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand the significance of the initiation phase of the project life cycle.,Understand the significance of the initiation phase of the project life cycle.,,,Understand the key components of project charters and develop a project charter for project initiation.,Understand the key components of project charters and develop a project charter for project initiation.,,,Complete a stakeholder analysis and utilize RACI charts to define and communicate project team member responsibilities.,Complete a stakeholder analysis and utilize RACI charts to define and communicate project team member responsibilities.,Evaluate various project management tools to meet project needs. ,Evaluate various project management tools to meet project needs. ,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Project Management, Strategy and Operations, Collaboration, Communication, Leadership and Management, Planning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/project-initiation-google this url.Course name is Play It Safe: Manage Security Risks. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Identify the primary threats, risks, and vulnerabilities to business operations,Identify the primary threats, risks, and vulnerabilities to business operations,Examine how organizations use security frameworks and controls to protect business operations,Examine how organizations use security frameworks and controls to protect business operations,Define commonly used Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) tools,Define commonly used Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) tools,Use a playbook to respond to threats, risks, and vulnerabilities,Use a playbook to respond to threats, risks, and vulnerabilities,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Audit, Computer Security Incident Management, Leadership and Management, Risk Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/manage-security-risks this url.Course name is Ask Questions to Make Data-Driven Decisions. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Explain how the problem-solving road map applies to typical analysis scenarios. ,Explain how the problem-solving road map applies to typical analysis scenarios. ,,,Discuss the use of data in the decision-making process.,Discuss the use of data in the decision-making process.,,,Demonstrate the use of spreadsheets to complete basic tasks of the data analyst including entering and organizing data.,Demonstrate the use of spreadsheets to complete basic tasks of the data analyst including entering and organizing data.,,,Describe the key ideas associated with structured thinking.,Describe the key ideas associated with structured thinking.,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Communication, Data Analysis, Spreadsheet Software, Big Data, Communication, Leadership and Management, Problem Solving, Small Data
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/ask-questions-make-decisions this url.Course name is Meta Back-End Developer. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Meta. The course instructor is Taught by Meta Staff. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Gain the technical skills required to become a qualified back-end developer,Gain the technical skills required to become a qualified back-end developer,Learn to use programming systems including Python Syntax, Linux commands, Git, SQL, Version Control, Cloud Hosting, APIs, JSON, XML and more,Learn to use programming systems including Python Syntax, Linux commands, Git, SQL, Version Control, Cloud Hosting, APIs, JSON, XML and more,Build a portfolio using your new skills and begin interview preparation including tips for what to expect when interviewing for engineering jobs,Build a portfolio using your new skills and begin interview preparation including tips for what to expect when interviewing for engineering jobs,Learn in-demand programming skills and how to confidently use code to solve problems,Learn in-demand programming skills and how to confidently use code to solve problems,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Python Programming, Databases, HTML and CSS, SQL, Database Design, Programming Principles, Algorithms, Computer Science, Big Data, React (web framework), Software Testing, Web Development, Application Development, Back-End Web Development, Cloud API, Cloud Computing, Cloud Infrastructure, Collaboration, Communication, Computer Programming, Data Model, Data Structures, Data Warehousing, Database Administration, Database Application, Database Theory, DevOps, Django (Web Framework), Front-End Web Development, Full-Stack Web Development, Javascript, Kubernetes, Linux, Problem Solving, Semantic Web, Software Engineering, Software Engineering Tools, Statistical Programming, Tensorflow, Web Design, Web Development Tools
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/meta-back-end-developer this url.Course name is HRCI Human Resource Associate. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the HRCI. The course instructor is Rachel Landers. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Explain the requirements and techniques to recruit and retain talent for an organization,Explain the requirements and techniques to recruit and retain talent for an organization,Understand how performance management and feedback impact employee relations in an organization,Understand how performance management and feedback impact employee relations in an organization,Evaluate the various benefits of total remuneration and technology for an organization,Evaluate the various benefits of total remuneration and technology for an organization,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Benefits, Compensation, Employee Relations, Mergers & Acquisitions, Performance Management, Recruitment, Risk Management, Training
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/hrci-human-resource-associate this url.Course name is Google Business Intelligence. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Explore the roles of business intelligence (BI) professionals within an organization,Explore the roles of business intelligence (BI) professionals within an organization,Practice data modeling and extract, transform, load (ETL) processes that meet organizational goals ,Practice data modeling and extract, transform, load (ETL) processes that meet organizational goals ,Design data visualizations that answer business questions,Design data visualizations that answer business questions,Create dashboards that effectively communicate data insights to stakeholders,Create dashboards that effectively communicate data insights to stakeholders,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Intelligence, Data Analysis, Data Management, Data Model, Data Visualization, Extract, Transform, Load, Leadership and Management, Strategy, Tableau Software
. The level of difficulty for this course is Advanced. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/google-business-intelligence this url.Course name is Financial Markets. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Yale University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Behavioral Finance,Financial Markets,Finance,Behavioral Economics,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Finance, Investment Management, Risk Management, Banking, Behavioral Economics, Critical Thinking, Financial Analysis, Innovation, Regulations and Compliance, Underwriting, Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/financial-markets-global this url.Course name is Análisis de Datos de Google. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Obtén una experiencia inmersiva en las prácticas y los procesos que utiliza cualquier analista de datos junior o asociado en su trabajo diario.
,Obtén una experiencia inmersiva en las prácticas y los procesos que utiliza cualquier analista de datos junior o asociado en su trabajo diario.
,Aprende destrezas analíticas (limpieza, análisis y visualización de datos) y herramientas clave (hojas de cálculo, SQL, programación en R, Tableau).,Aprende destrezas analíticas (limpieza, análisis y visualización de datos) y herramientas clave (hojas de cálculo, SQL, programación en R, Tableau).,Aprende a limpiar y organizar los datos y a realizar análisis mediante hojas de cálculo, SQL y programación en R.,Aprende a limpiar y organizar los datos y a realizar análisis mediante hojas de cálculo, SQL y programación en R.,Aprende a visualizar y presentar los resultados  en tableros, presentaciones y plataformas de visualización de uso común.
,Aprende a visualizar y presentar los resultados  en tableros, presentaciones y plataformas de visualización de uso común.
,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, Data Management, Databases, Exploratory Data Analysis, Data Visualization, SQL, Business Analysis, Microsoft Excel, Process Analysis, Statistical Programming, Data Structures, Extract, Transform, Load, Spreadsheet Software, Communication, Operational Analysis, Computer Programming, Problem Solving, Strategy, Visualization (Computer Graphics), Database Theory, Organizational Development, People Analysis, Tableau Software, Data Analysis Software, Plot (Graphics), Programming Principles, R Programming, Strategy and Operations, Research and Design, Business Communication, Computer Programming Tools, Computer Graphics, Data Model, Security Engineering, System Security
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/analisis-de-datos-de-google this url.Course name is Microsoft 365 Fundamentals. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Microsoft. The course instructor is  Microsoft. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 You will learn how to work more collaboratively and more effectively using a suite of productivity-enhancing applications.,You will learn how to work more collaboratively and more effectively using a suite of productivity-enhancing applications.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Visual Design, Communication, Microsoft Excel, Data Visualization, Interactive Data Visualization, Spreadsheet Software, Computer Graphics, Critical Thinking, Data Analysis, Visualization (Computer Graphics), Business Communication, Collaboration, User Experience, Computer Graphic Techniques, Research and Design, User Experience Design, Writing, Accounting, Data Analysis Software, Graphic Design, Databases, General Accounting, Marketing Design, Product Design, Leadership and Management, Software Architecture
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/microsoft-365-fundamentals this url.Course name is SAP Technology Consultant. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the SAP. The course instructor is Leslie Reynolds. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Learn key consulting skills most requested by SAP partners worldwide. ,Learn key consulting skills most requested by SAP partners worldwide. ,Understand the global SAP business solutions, products and ecosystem. ,Understand the global SAP business solutions, products and ecosystem. ,Gain skills across the whole lifecycle of an SAP implementation and enhance your CV/Resume with practical examples.  ,Gain skills across the whole lifecycle of an SAP implementation and enhance your CV/Resume with practical examples.  ,Explore planning and project management methodologies such as Waterfall, Agile, DevOps, and Cloud.  ,Explore planning and project management methodologies such as Waterfall, Agile, DevOps, and Cloud.  ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Strategy and Operations, Cloud-Based Integration, Business Analysis, Business Transformation, Business Process Management, Cloud Applications, Strategy, Customer Analysis, Planning, Product Management, Project Management, Business Intelligence, Software As A Service, Supply Chain and Logistics, Cloud Standards, Cloud Computing, Network Architecture, Software Architecture, System Software, Communication
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/sap-technology-consultant this url.Course name is Workday Basics Series. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Workday. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Workday terminology and navigation to jumpstart a new career with industry leading technology.,Workday terminology and navigation to jumpstart a new career with industry leading technology.,Business process and configurable security frameworks and how they empower companies to stay agile and meet an organization's changing needs.,Business process and configurable security frameworks and how they empower companies to stay agile and meet an organization's changing needs.,The Workday update process and how customers deploy Workday continuous innovation.  ,The Workday update process and how customers deploy Workday continuous innovation.  ,How business users improve operational efficiency with Workday.,How business users improve operational efficiency with Workday.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/workday-basics-series this url.Course name is Meta Database Engineer. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Meta. The course instructor is Taught by Meta Staff. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Demonstrate proficiency of SQL syntax and explain how it’s used to interact with a database.,Demonstrate proficiency of SQL syntax and explain how it’s used to interact with a database.,Create databases from scratch and learn how to add, manage and optimize your database.,Create databases from scratch and learn how to add, manage and optimize your database.,Write database driven applications in Python to connect clients to MySQL databases.,Write database driven applications in Python to connect clients to MySQL databases.,Develop a working knowledge of advanced data modeling concepts.,Develop a working knowledge of advanced data modeling concepts.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  SQL, Databases, Statistical Programming, Python Programming, Database Design, Programming Principles, Algorithms, Computer Science, Big Data, Software Testing, Application Development, Collaboration, Communication, Computer Programming, Data Analysis, Data Management, Data Model, Data Structures, Data Warehousing, Database Administration, Database Application, Database Theory, Django (Web Framework), Javascript, Leadership and Management, Linux, Problem Solving, Project Management, Software Engineering, Software Engineering Tools, Tableau Software, Tensorflow, Web Development
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/meta-database-engineer this url.Course name is Arizona State University TESOL. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Arizona State University. The course instructor is Dr. Shane Dixon. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Learners will master  modern communicative techniques for engaging students in multiple English language learning environments.,Learners will master  modern communicative techniques for engaging students in multiple English language learning environments.,Learners will  recognize, identify, and use language acquisition theories and principles to develop sound lesson plans.,Learners will  recognize, identify, and use language acquisition theories and principles to develop sound lesson plans.,Learners will  deliver lesson plans using interactive and engaging methods. ,Learners will  deliver lesson plans using interactive and engaging methods. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Human Learning, Strategy, Planning, Writing, Mergers & Acquisitions
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/arizona-state-university-tesol this url.Course name is IBM Product Manager. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the SkillUp EdTech. The course instructor is John Rofrano. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Apply key product management skills, tools, and techniques to engage and manage key stakeholders and clients,Apply key product management skills, tools, and techniques to engage and manage key stakeholders and clients,Identify product strategy development and implementation methods and best practices to ensure the right product is produced,Identify product strategy development and implementation methods and best practices to ensure the right product is produced,Describe product development and analysis best practices to effectively manage change and ensure a successful product launch,Describe product development and analysis best practices to effectively manage change and ensure a successful product launch,Develop a working knowledge of Agile and adaptive methodologies used to expedite product solutions to market,Develop a working knowledge of Agile and adaptive methodologies used to expedite product solutions to market,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Software Engineering, Agile Software Development, Scrum (Software Development), Communication, Leadership Development, Leadership and Management, Product Development, Product Lifecycle, Product Management, Product Strategy
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/ibm-product-manager this url.Course name is IBM Machine Learning. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Kopal Garg. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Master the most up-to-date practical skills and knowledge machine learning experts use in their daily roles,Master the most up-to-date practical skills and knowledge machine learning experts use in their daily roles,Learn how to compare and contrast different machine learning algorithms by creating recommender systems in Python ,Learn how to compare and contrast different machine learning algorithms by creating recommender systems in Python ,Develop working knowledge of KNN, PCA, and non-negative matrix collaborative filtering,Develop working knowledge of KNN, PCA, and non-negative matrix collaborative filtering,Predict course ratings by training a neural network and constructing regression and classification models,Predict course ratings by training a neural network and constructing regression and classification models,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Human Learning, Statistical Machine Learning, Data Analysis, Probability & Statistics, Applied Machine Learning, Algorithms, Forecasting, General Statistics, Statistical Analysis, Deep Learning, Python Programming, Regression, Machine Learning Software, Artificial Neural Networks, Exploratory Data Analysis, Feature Engineering, Correlation And Dependence, Dimensionality Reduction, Statistical Tests, Reinforcement Learning, Data Model, Data Analysis Software, Data Structures, Network Model
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/ibm-machine-learning this url.Course name is Microsoft Cybersecurity Analyst. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Microsoft. The course instructor is  Microsoft. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand the cybersecurity landscape and learn core concepts foundational to security, compliance, and identity solutions.,Understand the cybersecurity landscape and learn core concepts foundational to security, compliance, and identity solutions.,Understand the vulnerabilities of an organizations network and mitigate attacks on network infrastructures to protect data.,Understand the vulnerabilities of an organizations network and mitigate attacks on network infrastructures to protect data.,Develop and implement threat mitigation strategies by applying effective cybersecurity measures within an Azure environment.   ,Develop and implement threat mitigation strategies by applying effective cybersecurity measures within an Azure environment.   ,Demonstrate your new skills with a capstone project and prepare for the industry-recognized Microsoft SC-900 Certification exam.   ,Demonstrate your new skills with a capstone project and prepare for the industry-recognized Microsoft SC-900 Certification exam.   ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cloud Computing, Computer Architecture, Data Management, Leadership and Management, Microsoft Azure, Network Security, Operating Systems, System Security
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/microsoft-cybersecurity-analyst this url.Course name is Neural Networks and Deep Learning. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Andrew Ng. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Artificial Neural Network,Backpropagation,Python Programming,Deep Learning,Neural Network Architecture,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Artificial Neural Networks, Deep Learning, Machine Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Python Programming, Computational Logic, Computer Programming, Calculus, Human Learning, Regression, Linear Algebra, Mathematics
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/neural-networks-deep-learning this url.Course name is Advanced Learning Algorithms. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Andrew Ng. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Build and train a neural network with TensorFlow to perform multi-class classification,Build and train a neural network with TensorFlow to perform multi-class classification,Apply best practices for machine learning development so that your models generalize to data and tasks in the real world,Apply best practices for machine learning development so that your models generalize to data and tasks in the real world,Build and use decision trees and tree ensemble methods, including random forests and boosted trees,Build and use decision trees and tree ensemble methods, including random forests and boosted trees,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Applied Machine Learning, Machine Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Algorithms, Artificial Neural Networks, Deep Learning, Network Model, Tensorflow, Machine Learning Software, Network Architecture
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/advanced-learning-algorithms this url.Course name is Business Analytics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Noah Gans. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Explain how data is used for recruiting and performance evaluation,Explain how data is used for recruiting and performance evaluation,Model supply and demand for various business scenarios,Model supply and demand for various business scenarios,Solve business problems with data-driven decision-making,Solve business problems with data-driven decision-making,Understand the tools used to predict customer behavior,Understand the tools used to predict customer behavior,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, Business Analysis, Probability & Statistics, Statistical Analysis, Leadership and Management, Strategy and Operations, Basic Descriptive Statistics, Exploratory Data Analysis, Financial Analysis, Forecasting, Data Model, Mathematics, Performance Management, Strategy, Accounting, Customer Analysis, Human Resources, Human Resources Operations, Market Analysis, Market Research, Marketing, Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Operations Management, Operations Research, Organizational Development, People Analysis, People Management, Spreadsheet Software, Talent Management, Financial Accounting, Collaboration, Finance, Regulations and Compliance
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/business-analytics this url.Course name is JavaScript Programming with React, Node & MongoDB. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is IBM Skills Network Team. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Get comfortable with programming concepts using JavaScript,Get comfortable with programming concepts using JavaScript,Write Node.js RESTful APIs using the Express framework,Write Node.js RESTful APIs using the Express framework,Create dynamic, user-friendly front-end web applications with React,Create dynamic, user-friendly front-end web applications with React,Develop best practices to deploy, scale, and optimize applications,Develop best practices to deploy, scale, and optimize applications,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Javascript, Web Development, Computer Programming, Computer Science, Front-End Web Development, NoSQL, React (web framework)
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.4. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/javascript-programming-with-react-node-mongodb this url.Course name is Gestión de Proyectos de Google. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Comprende en detalle las prácticas y habilidades necesarias para tener éxito en un puesto de gestión de proyectos de nivel básico.
,Comprende en detalle las prácticas y habilidades necesarias para tener éxito en un puesto de gestión de proyectos de nivel básico.
,Aprende a crear documentación y artefactos efectivos a lo largo de las distintas fases de un proyecto.,Aprende a crear documentación y artefactos efectivos a lo largo de las distintas fases de un proyecto.,Conoce los fundamentos de la metodología Agile y las funciones de Scrum.
,Conoce los fundamentos de la metodología Agile y las funciones de Scrum.
,Ejercita la comunicación estratégica, la resolución de problemas y la gestión de las partes interesadas en situaciones del mundo real.
,Ejercita la comunicación estratégica, la resolución de problemas y la gestión de las partes interesadas en situaciones del mundo real.
,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Project Management, Strategy and Operations, Organizational Development, Planning, Strategy, Collaboration, Communication, Adaptability, Change Management, Critical Thinking, Decision Making, Media Strategy & Planning, Process Analysis, Probability & Statistics, Risk Management, Scrum (Software Development), Agile Software Development, Budget Management, Continuous Integration, Product Management, Search Engine Optimization, Business Communication, Product Development, Estimation, Software Engineering, Supply Chain and Logistics
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/gestion-de-proyectos-de-google this url.Course name is IBM Introduction to Machine Learning. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Xintong Li. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand the potential applications of machine learning,Understand the potential applications of machine learning,Gain technical skills like SQL, machine learning modelling, supervised and unsupervised learning, regression, and classification.,Gain technical skills like SQL, machine learning modelling, supervised and unsupervised learning, regression, and classification.,,,Identify opportunities to leverage machine learning in your organization or career,Identify opportunities to leverage machine learning in your organization or career,Communicate findings from your machine learning projects to experts and non-experts,Communicate findings from your machine learning projects to experts and non-experts,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Algorithms, Statistical Machine Learning, Human Learning, Probability & Statistics, Applied Machine Learning, Data Analysis, Regression, General Statistics, Python Programming, Feature Engineering, Machine Learning Software, Exploratory Data Analysis, Dimensionality Reduction, Statistical Analysis, Data Model, Statistical Tests, Data Analysis Software, Data Structures
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/ibm-intro-machine-learning this url.Course name is Become a CBRS Certified Professional Installer by Google. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google - Spectrum Sharing. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 What is CBRS? An overview of shared spectrum and CBRS ecosystem, users, systems and devices,What is CBRS? An overview of shared spectrum and CBRS ecosystem, users, systems and devices,The role of CPIs in CBRS: What are CPIs, why and when are they needed?,The role of CPIs in CBRS: What are CPIs, why and when are they needed?,How to be a CPI: Determining installation parameters for the SAS and troubleshooting tips,How to be a CPI: Determining installation parameters for the SAS and troubleshooting tips,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, SAS (Software), Regulations and Compliance, Systems Design, System Security, Network Architecture, Process Analysis, Training, Decision Making, Operating Systems
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/google-cbrs-cpi-training this url.Course name is Ciberseguridad de Google. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 por sus siglas en inglés),SQL,Sistemas de detección de intrusiones (IDS,Linux,Programación con Python,Herramientas de gestión de eventos e información de seguridad (SIEM),
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, Databases, Linux, Python Programming, SQL
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/ciberseguridad-de-google this url.Course name is Python for Data Science, AI & Development. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Joseph Santarcangelo. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Learn Python - the most popular programming language and for Data Science and Software Development.,Learn Python - the most popular programming language and for Data Science and Software Development.,Apply Python programming logic Variables, Data Structures, Branching, Loops, Functions, Objects & Classes.,Apply Python programming logic Variables, Data Structures, Branching, Loops, Functions, Objects & Classes.,Demonstrate proficiency in using Python libraries such as Pandas & Numpy, and developing code using Jupyter Notebooks.,Demonstrate proficiency in using Python libraries such as Pandas & Numpy, and developing code using Jupyter Notebooks.,Access and web scrape data using APIs and Python libraries like Beautiful Soup. ,Access and web scrape data using APIs and Python libraries like Beautiful Soup. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Python Programming, Computer Programming, Data Analysis
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/python-for-applied-data-science-ai this url.Course name is Indigenous Canada. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Alberta. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Art,History,Indigenous Studies,Human Rights and Allyship,Politics,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Critical Thinking
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/indigenous-canada this url.Course name is The Bits and Bytes of Computer Networking. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Domain Name System (DNS),Ipv4,Network Model,Troubleshooting,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Networking, Network Architecture, Network Model, Networking Hardware, Network Analysis, Critical Thinking, Problem Solving, Computer Architecture, Human Computer Interaction, Network Security, Cloud Computing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/computer-networking this url.Course name is Connect and Protect: Networks and Network Security. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Define the types of networks and components of networks,Define the types of networks and components of networks,Illustrate how data is sent and received over a network,Illustrate how data is sent and received over a network,Understand how to secure a network against intrusion tactics,Understand how to secure a network against intrusion tactics,Describe system hardening techniques,Describe system hardening techniques,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Network Security, Cloud Computing, Network Architecture
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/networks-and-network-security this url.Course name is Graphic Design. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the California Institute of the Arts. The course instructor is Anther Kiley. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Gain the fundamental skills needed to be a graphic designer,Gain the fundamental skills needed to be a graphic designer,Communicate through image-making and typography,Communicate through image-making and typography,Complete a capstone project to add to your professional portfolio,Complete a capstone project to add to your professional portfolio,Learn everything you need to know to work in interface design, motion graphics, and editorial design,Learn everything you need to know to work in interface design, motion graphics, and editorial design,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Graphic Design, Design and Product, Visual Design, Communication, Computer Graphic Techniques, Computer Graphics, Creativity, Graph Theory, Visualization (Computer Graphics), Interactive Design
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/graphic-design this url.Course name is Google Marketing Digital e E-Commerce. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Aprende los fundamentos del marketing digital y comercio electrónico y adquiere las habilidades necesarias para conseguir un trabajo de nivel inicial,Aprende los fundamentos del marketing digital y comercio electrónico y adquiere las habilidades necesarias para conseguir un trabajo de nivel inicial,Atrae clientes e interactúa con ellos y ellas a través de canales de marketing digital, como la búsqueda y el correo electrónico,Atrae clientes e interactúa con ellos y ellas a través de canales de marketing digital, como la búsqueda y el correo electrónico,Mide el rendimiento de los esfuerzos de marketing a través de analítica y datos,Mide el rendimiento de los esfuerzos de marketing a través de analítica y datos,Crea tiendas de comercio electrónico, analiza el rendimiento de los esfuerzos en línea y aumenta la fidelidad de tus clientes,Crea tiendas de comercio electrónico, analiza el rendimiento de los esfuerzos en línea y aumenta la fidelidad de tus clientes,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  E-Commerce, Marketing, Search Engine Optimization, Strategy
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/certificado-de-carrera-de-google-marketing-digital-e-e-commerce this url.Course name is Introduction to Psychology. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Yale University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Critical Thinking,Problem Solving,analytical thinking,abstract thinking,reasoning,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Critical Thinking
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-psychology this url.Course name is Prepare Data for Exploration. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Explain what factors to consider when making decisions about data collection.,Explain what factors to consider when making decisions about data collection.,Discuss the difference between biased and unbiased data.,Discuss the difference between biased and unbiased data.,Describe databases with references to their functions and components.,Describe databases with references to their functions and components.,Describe best practices for organizing data.,Describe best practices for organizing data.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Management, Data Analysis, Databases, Microsoft Excel, SQL, Spreadsheet Software
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/data-preparation this url.Course name is Excel Skills for Business. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Macquarie University. The course instructor is Dr Prashan S. M. Karunaratne. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Be comfortable navigating the Excel user interface, entering, manipulating and formatting data.,Be comfortable navigating the Excel user interface, entering, manipulating and formatting data.,Use formulas and functions to perform calculations on data. Automate choices and data lookups using functions.,Use formulas and functions to perform calculations on data. Automate choices and data lookups using functions.,Analyze data and present the results in a user-friendly way. Create charts and tables that effectively summarize raw data.,Analyze data and present the results in a user-friendly way. Create charts and tables that effectively summarize raw data.,Create easy-to-use spreadsheets. Validate data, find and correct errors. Create navigation aids for large workbooks.,Create easy-to-use spreadsheets. Validate data, find and correct errors. Create navigation aids for large workbooks.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Spreadsheet Software, Business Analysis, Microsoft Excel, Data Analysis, Plot (Graphics), Data Visualization, Data Model, Databases, Finance, Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/excel this url.Course name is TESOL Certificate, Part 1: Teach English Now!. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Arizona State University. The course instructor is Dr. Shane Dixon. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand basic modes of language learning,Understand basic modes of language learning,Design lesson plans and learning activities,Design lesson plans and learning activities,Apply best practices for teaching listening, speaking, and pronunciation,Apply best practices for teaching listening, speaking, and pronunciation,Maintain control of a classroom and avoid teacher burnout,Maintain control of a classroom and avoid teacher burnout,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Human Learning, Planning, Strategy, Mergers & Acquisitions
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/tesol this url.Course name is Preparing for Google Cloud Certification: Cloud Engineer. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google Cloud. The course instructor is Google Cloud Training. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Learn the skills needed to be successful in a cloud engineering role,Learn the skills needed to be successful in a cloud engineering role,Prepare for the Associate Cloud Engineer certification,Prepare for the Associate Cloud Engineer certification,Learn about the infrastructure and platform services provided by Google Cloud Platform,Learn about the infrastructure and platform services provided by Google Cloud Platform,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cloud Computing, Google Cloud Platform, Cloud Platforms, Computer Architecture, Cloud Applications, Cloud Engineering, Cloud Storage, Computer Networking, Cloud Management, Google App Engine, Kubernetes, Cloud Infrastructure, Cloud-Based Integration, Computer Programming Tools, Computer Programming, DevOps, Network Architecture, Billing & Invoicing, Data Analysis, Web Development, Leadership and Management, Product Strategy
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/cloud-engineering-gcp this url.Course name is Preparing for Google Cloud Certification: Cloud Architect. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google Cloud. The course instructor is Google Cloud Training. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Learn the skills needed to be successful in a cloud architect role,Learn the skills needed to be successful in a cloud architect role,,,Prepare for the Professional Cloud Architect certification,Prepare for the Professional Cloud Architect certification,,,Learn about the infrastructure and platform services provided by Google Cloud Platform,Learn about the infrastructure and platform services provided by Google Cloud Platform,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Google Cloud Platform, Cloud Computing, Cloud Engineering, Cloud Applications, Cloud Platforms, Cloud Management, Computer Architecture, Cloud Infrastructure, Critical Thinking, Billing & Invoicing, Cloud Storage, Cloud-Based Integration, Computer Networking, DevOps, Google App Engine, Kubernetes, Devops Tools, Network Architecture, Computer Programming, Computer Security Models, Leadership and Management, Operational Analysis, Product Strategy
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/gcp-cloud-architect this url.Course name is What is Data Science?. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Rav Ahuja. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Define data science and its importance in today’s data-driven world.,Define data science and its importance in today’s data-driven world.,Describe the various paths that can lead to a career in data science.,Describe the various paths that can lead to a career in data science., Summarize  advice given by seasoned data science professionals to data scientists who are just starting out., Summarize  advice given by seasoned data science professionals to data scientists who are just starting out.,Explain why data science is considered the most in-demand job in the 21st century. ,Explain why data science is considered the most in-demand job in the 21st century. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Big Data, Data Analysis, Data Mining, Data Science, Deep Learning, Machine Learning, Regression, Writing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/what-is-datascience this url.Course name is Project Planning: Putting It All Together. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describe the components of the project planning phase and their significance.,Describe the components of the project planning phase and their significance.,Identify tools and best practices to build a project plan and risk management plan. ,Identify tools and best practices to build a project plan and risk management plan. ,Describe how to estimate, track, and maintain a budget.,Describe how to estimate, track, and maintain a budget.,Draft a communication plan and explain how to manage it.,Draft a communication plan and explain how to manage it.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Project Management, Strategy and Operations, Leadership and Management, Entrepreneurship, Finance, Planning, Supply Chain and Logistics, Budget Management, Communication, Risk Management, Procurement
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/project-planning-google this url.Course name is Construction Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Columbia University. The course instructor is Ibrahim Odeh, Ph.D., MBA. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Major construction management fundamentals, key project scheduling techniques, types of cost estimates and monitoring project cash flow,Major construction management fundamentals, key project scheduling techniques, types of cost estimates and monitoring project cash flow,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Project Management, Leadership and Management, Strategy and Operations, Planning, Estimation, Operations Management, Budget Management, Accounting, Decision Making, Finance, Cost Accounting, Critical Thinking, Financial Accounting, Performance Management, Strategy, Financial Analysis, Investment Management, Financial Management, Process Analysis, Risk Management, Computational Logic, Statistical Visualization, Collaboration, Innovation, Data Visualization, Change Management, Business Transformation, Supply Chain and Logistics, People Development, Entrepreneurship, Human Resources
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/construction-management this url.Course name is AI Product Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Duke University. The course instructor is Jon Reifschneider. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Identify when and how machine learning can applied to solve problems,Identify when and how machine learning can applied to solve problems,Apply human-centered design practices to design AI product experiences that protect privacy and meet ethical standards,Apply human-centered design practices to design AI product experiences that protect privacy and meet ethical standards,Lead machine learning projects using the data science process and best practices from industry,Lead machine learning projects using the data science process and best practices from industry,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Applied Machine Learning, Probability & Statistics, Regression, Design and Product, Human Computer Interaction, Communication, Human Factors (Security), Human Learning, User Experience, User Experience Design, Data Analysis, Data Mining, Deep Learning, Project Management, Algorithms, Data Science, Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/ai-product-management-duke this url.Course name is AWS Cloud Solutions Architect. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Amazon Web Services. The course instructor is Morgan Willis. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Make informed decisions about when and how to apply key AWS Services for compute, storage, database, networking, monitoring, and security.,Make informed decisions about when and how to apply key AWS Services for compute, storage, database, networking, monitoring, and security.,Design architectural solutions, whether designing for cost, performance, and/or operational excellence, to address common business challenges.,Design architectural solutions, whether designing for cost, performance, and/or operational excellence, to address common business challenges.,Create and operate a data lake in a secure and scalable way, ingest and organize data into the data lake, and optimize performance and costs.,Create and operate a data lake in a secure and scalable way, ingest and organize data into the data lake, and optimize performance and costs.,Prepare for the certification exam, identify your strengths and gaps for each domain area, and build strategies for identifying incorrect responses.,Prepare for the certification exam, identify your strengths and gaps for each domain area, and build strategies for identifying incorrect responses.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Amazon Web Services, Cloud Computing, Cloud Storage, Data Management, Big Data, Cloud Applications, Cloud Engineering, Cloud Platforms, Data Analysis, Data Warehousing, Extract, Transform, Load, Cloud Management, Cloud-Based Integration, Data Architecture, Cloud Infrastructure, Data Structures, Data Visualization, Database Design, Software Architecture, Leadership and Management, Machine Learning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/aws-cloud-solutions-architect this url.Course name is Digital Product Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Virginia. The course instructor is Alex Cowan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Create and manage a team charter that drives alignment and autonomy,Create and manage a team charter that drives alignment and autonomy,Lead from the front with actionable design narrative on your customers,Lead from the front with actionable design narrative on your customers,Create a culture of experimentation with hypothesis-driven development,Create a culture of experimentation with hypothesis-driven development,Instrument relevant, actionable analytics into your product program ,Instrument relevant, actionable analytics into your product program ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Agile Software Development, Product Management, Leadership and Management, Design and Product, Software Engineering, Product Development, Project Management, User Experience, Customer Analysis, Product Design, Research and Design, Data Analysis, Experiment, Business Analysis, Communication, Continuous Delivery, Planning, Product Strategy, Strategy
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/uva-darden-digital-product-management this url.Course name is Introduction to Statistics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Stanford University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  General Statistics, Probability & Statistics, Statistical Analysis, Critical Thinking, Basic Descriptive Statistics, Data Analysis, Statistical Tests, Probability Distribution, Problem Solving, Statistical Visualization
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/stanford-statistics this url.Course name is Learn SQL Basics for Data Science. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California, Davis. The course instructor is Don Noxon. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Use SQL commands to filter, sort, & summarize data; manipulate strings, dates, & numerical data from different sources for analysis,Use SQL commands to filter, sort, & summarize data; manipulate strings, dates, & numerical data from different sources for analysis,Assess and create datasets to solve your business questions and problems using SQL,Assess and create datasets to solve your business questions and problems using SQL,Use the collaborative Databricks workspace and create an end-to-end pipeline that reads data, transforms it, and saves the result,Use the collaborative Databricks workspace and create an end-to-end pipeline that reads data, transforms it, and saves the result,Develop a project proposal & select your data, perform statistical analysis & develop metrics, and present your findings & make recommendations,Develop a project proposal & select your data, perform statistical analysis & develop metrics, and present your findings & make recommendations,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Databases, SQL, Data Management, Data Analysis, Big Data, Data Model, Exploratory Data Analysis, Database Administration, Problem Solving, Database Theory, Database Design, Business Analysis, Extract, Transform, Load, Critical Thinking, Apache, Data Architecture, Customer Analysis, Distributed Computing Architecture, Statistical Tests, Python Programming, Data Science
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/learn-sql-basics-data-science this url.Course name is Attract and Engage Customers with Digital Marketing. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Recognize strategies to build brand awareness among potential customers,Recognize strategies to build brand awareness among potential customers,Explain the purpose of SEO (search engine optimization) and essential SEO terms,Explain the purpose of SEO (search engine optimization) and essential SEO terms,Optimize website content for SEO,Optimize website content for SEO,Understand search engine marketing (SEM) and how it benefits businesses,Understand search engine marketing (SEM) and how it benefits businesses,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Digital Marketing, Marketing, Search Engine Optimization, Marketing Management, Advertising, Media Strategy & Planning, Persona Research, Web Design, Web Development, Web Development Tools
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/attract-and-engage-customers this url.Course name is AWS Cloud Technology Consultant. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Amazon Web Services. The course instructor is Morgan Willis. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand and translate business goals and drivers into appropriate technical solutions,Understand and translate business goals and drivers into appropriate technical solutions,Provide technical direction and oversight to cloud implementation teams,Provide technical direction and oversight to cloud implementation teams,Create the conceptual, logical and physical design for cloud-based solutions for infrastructure and platforms,Create the conceptual, logical and physical design for cloud-based solutions for infrastructure and platforms,Learn how to gather technical requirements, assess client capabilities and analyze findings to provide appropriate cloud solution recommendations,Learn how to gather technical requirements, assess client capabilities and analyze findings to provide appropriate cloud solution recommendations,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Amazon Web Services, Cloud API, Cloud Computing, Cloud Infrastructure, Cloud Storage, Continuous Integration, Customer Support, Data Analysis, Data Architecture, DevOps, Information Technology, Leadership and Management, Project Management, Python Programming, Software Architecture, Software Testing, Strategy, Web Development
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/aws-cloud-technology-consultant this url.Course name is Leading the Modern Day Business. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Virginia. The course instructor is Michael Lenox. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to utilize BCG's digital transformation framework as a "how-to" for digitizing your organization,How to utilize BCG's digital transformation framework as a "how-to" for digitizing your organization,,,What design thinking is and when to use it,What design thinking is and when to use it,,,Instrument relevant, actionable analytics into your product program,Instrument relevant, actionable analytics into your product program,,,How to take the many ideas you generate and determine which ones are likely to produce specific, desired outcomes,How to take the many ideas you generate and determine which ones are likely to produce specific, desired outcomes,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Strategy and Operations, Entrepreneurship, Marketing, Sales, Strategy, Business Analysis, Business Transformation, Product Management, Business Process Management, Creativity, Innovation, Planning, Product Strategy, Storytelling
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/leading-modern-day-business this url.Course name is Diseño de Experiencia del Usuario (UX) de Google. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Seguir el proceso de diseño: empatizar con las y los usuarios, definir dificultades, sugerir soluciones, crear prototipos, probar diseños e iterar.,Seguir el proceso de diseño: empatizar con las y los usuarios, definir dificultades, sugerir soluciones, crear prototipos, probar diseños e iterar.,Planificar estudios de investigación, realizar entrevistas y estudios de usabilidad y síntesis de resultados de investigación.,Planificar estudios de investigación, realizar entrevistas y estudios de usabilidad y síntesis de resultados de investigación.,Aplicar conceptos básicos de UX, como el diseño centrado en las y los usuarios, en la accesibilidad y en la equidad.,Aplicar conceptos básicos de UX, como el diseño centrado en las y los usuarios, en la accesibilidad y en la equidad.,Crear un portfolio UX profesional con 3 proyectos integrales: una aplicación móvil, un sitio web adaptable y una experiencia multiplataforma.,Crear un portfolio UX profesional con 3 proyectos integrales: una aplicación móvil, un sitio web adaptable y una experiencia multiplataforma.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  User Experience, User Experience Design, Research and Design, Visual Design, Communication, Design and Product, Persona Research, Product Design, User Research, Adaptability, Collaboration, Leadership and Management, Mobile Development, Organizational Development, Creativity, Planning, Reinforcement Learning, Web Design, Audit
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/diseno-de-experiencia-del-usuario-ux-de-google this url.Course name is Introduction to Data Analytics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Rav Ahuja. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Explain what Data Analytics is and the key steps in the Data Analytics process,Explain what Data Analytics is and the key steps in the Data Analytics process,Differentiate between different data roles such as Data Engineer, Data Analyst, Data Scientist, Business Analyst, and Business Intelligence Analyst,Differentiate between different data roles such as Data Engineer, Data Analyst, Data Scientist, Business Analyst, and Business Intelligence Analyst,Describe the different types of data structures, file formats, and sources of data,Describe the different types of data structures, file formats, and sources of data,Describe the data analysis process involving collecting, wrangling, mining, and visualizing data,Describe the data analysis process involving collecting, wrangling, mining, and visualizing data,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, Data Management, Data Structures, Data Visualization, Databases, Python Programming, SQL, Big Data, Data Mining, Data Science, NoSQL, Microsoft Excel
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-to-data-analytics this url.Course name is Introduction to Generative AI. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google Cloud. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Define Generative AI,Define Generative AI,Explain how Generative AI works,Explain how Generative AI works,Describe Generative AI Model Types,Describe Generative AI Model Types,Describe Generative AI Applications,Describe Generative AI Applications,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Artificial Neural Networks, Deep Learning, Machine Learning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-to-generative-ai this url.Course name is Architecting with Google Compute Engine. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google Cloud. The course instructor is Google Cloud Training. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Google Compute Engine,Virtual Machine,Google Cloud Platform,Network Architecture,Load Balancing,Virtual Private Network (VPN),Autoscaling,Debugging,Cloud Storage,Data Store,Disaster Recovery,Cloud Computing,Site Reliability Engineering,Google App Engine (GAE),View all skills,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cloud Applications, Cloud Computing, Cloud Infrastructure, Cloud Management, Cloud Platforms, Cloud-Based Integration, Computer Networking, Computer Programming, Google Cloud Platform, Network Architecture, Cloud Storage, Google App Engine, Leadership and Management, Kubernetes
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/gcp-architecture this url.Course name is Data Analysis and Presentation Skills: the PwC Approach. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the PwC. The course instructor is Alex Mannella. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Data Analysis,Microsoft Excel,Data Visualization,Presentation,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, Business Analysis, Data Management, Data Visualization, Microsoft Excel, Data Analysis Software, Spreadsheet Software, Problem Solving, Statistical Analysis, Interactive Data Visualization, Data Structures, Financial Analysis, Statistical Visualization, Extract, Transform, Load, Data Model, Data Visualization Software, General Statistics, Big Data, Critical Thinking, Professional Development, Visualization (Computer Graphics), Decision Making, Communication, Leadership and Management, Business Communication, Storytelling, Forecasting, Visual Design, Planning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/pwc-analytics this url.Course name is AWS Fundamentals. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Amazon Web Services. The course instructor is Morgan Willis. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 AWS Identity and Access Management,Networking on AWS,Cloud Computing,AWS Management Console,aws security,Software Architecture,Data Analysis,Data Visualization,AWS Account Management,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Amazon Web Services, Cloud Computing, Cloud Infrastructure, Cloud Management, Cloud Platforms, Cloud Applications, Cloud Engineering, Cloud Storage, Network Security, Cloud API, Cloud-Based Integration, Computer Security Models, Security Engineering, Security Software, Security Strategy, System Security, Computer Programming Tools, Distributed Computing Architecture, Cloud Load Balancing, Database Application, Database Design, Databases, Software Architecture, Data Architecture, Continuous Delivery, Data Visualization, Leadership and Management, Data Analysis, Planning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/aws-fundamentals this url.Course name is Agile Project Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Explain the Agile project management approach and philosophy, including values and principles.,Explain the Agile project management approach and philosophy, including values and principles.,Discuss the pillars of Scrum and how they support Scrum values.,Discuss the pillars of Scrum and how they support Scrum values.,Describe the five important Scrum events and how to set up each event for a Scrum team.,Describe the five important Scrum events and how to set up each event for a Scrum team.,Explain how to coach an Agile team and help them overcome challenges.,Explain how to coach an Agile team and help them overcome challenges.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Agile Software Development, Software Engineering, Project Management, Scrum (Software Development), Strategy and Operations, Collaboration, Leadership and Management, Communication, Entrepreneurship, Product Management, Influencing, Problem Solving
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/agile-project-management this url.Course name is Medical Billing and Coding Fundamentals. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the MedCerts. The course instructor is Jennifer Zabel. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Gain an understanding of the expectations of an allied healthcare professional in the workplace,Gain an understanding of the expectations of an allied healthcare professional in the workplace,Analyze and understand medical terminology,Analyze and understand medical terminology,Describe the phases of the revenue cycle,Describe the phases of the revenue cycle,Gain an understanding of basic insurance terminology,Gain an understanding of basic insurance terminology,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/medical-billing-coding-fundamentals this url.Course name is Entrepreneurship. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Kartik Hosanagar. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Growth Strategies,Exit Strategy,Finance,Entrepreneurship,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Entrepreneurship, Strategy, Leadership and Management, Strategy and Operations, Planning, Business Development, Business Analysis, Entrepreneurial Finance, Innovation, Finance, Financial Management, Market Research, Business Design, Critical Thinking, Product Strategy, Business Process Management, Business Psychology, Decision Making, Financial Accounting, Financial Analysis, Marketing, Accounting, Design and Product, Culture
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/wharton-entrepreneurship this url.Course name is Start the UX Design Process: Empathize, Define, and Ideate. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Empathize with users to understand their needs and pain points.,Empathize with users to understand their needs and pain points.,Develop problem statements to define user needs. ,Develop problem statements to define user needs. ,Generate ideas for possible solutions to user problems.,Generate ideas for possible solutions to user problems.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Audit, Human Computer Interaction, User Experience, User Experience Design, User Research
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/start-ux-design-process this url.Course name is Google Cloud Database Engineer. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google Cloud. The course instructor is Google Cloud Training. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Learn the skills needed to be successful in a cloud database engineer role,Learn the skills needed to be successful in a cloud database engineer role,Prepare for the Professional Cloud Database Engineer certification exam,Prepare for the Professional Cloud Database Engineer certification exam,Learn how to plan, execute, test, and monitor enterprise database migrations to Google Cloud,Learn how to plan, execute, test, and monitor enterprise database migrations to Google Cloud,Migrate and manage Cloud SQL, Cloud Spanner, and Bigtable databases,Migrate and manage Cloud SQL, Cloud Spanner, and Bigtable databases,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Databases, Cloud Computing, Google Cloud Platform, Data Management, Cloud Platforms, Database Administration, Database Application, SQL, Cloud Infrastructure, Cloud Storage, Data Analysis, Google App Engine, Kubernetes, PostgreSQL
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/google-cloud-database-engineer this url.Course name is Introduction to Artificial Intelligence (AI). This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Rav Ahuja. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describe what is AI, its applications, use cases, and how it is transforming our lives,Describe what is AI, its applications, use cases, and how it is transforming our lives,Explain terms like Machine Learning, Deep Learning and Neural Networks ,Explain terms like Machine Learning, Deep Learning and Neural Networks ,Describe several issues and ethical concerns surrounding AI,Describe several issues and ethical concerns surrounding AI,Articulate advice from experts about learning and starting a career in AI ,Articulate advice from experts about learning and starting a career in AI ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Algorithms, Applied Machine Learning, Artificial Neural Networks, Computer Vision, Deep Learning, Human Learning, Machine Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Machine Learning Software, Critical Thinking, Data Science
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-to-ai this url.Course name is The Materiality of ESG Factors. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Christopher Geczy. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 ESG,Finance,Climate Change,Investment,social activism,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Risk Management, Leadership and Management, Investment Management, Regulations and Compliance, Business Analysis, Decision Making, Strategy and Operations, Performance Management, Strategy, Critical Thinking, Financial Analysis, Financial Management, Business Research, Business Transformation, Change Management, Correlation And Dependence, Finance, Conflict Management, Organizational Development, Supply Chain and Logistics, Human Resources, Innovation, Leadership Development, People Development, Resilience, Supplier Relationship Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/materiality-esg-factors this url.Course name is Architecting with Google Kubernetes Engine. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google Cloud. The course instructor is Google Cloud Training. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Google Compute Engine,Google App Engine (GAE),Google Cloud Platform,Cloud Computing,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cloud Computing, Kubernetes, Google Cloud Platform, Cloud Platforms, Cloud Engineering, Cloud Infrastructure, Cloud Management, DevOps, Billing & Invoicing, Google App Engine, Cloud Storage, Product Strategy, Account Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/architecting-google-kubernetes-engine this url.Course name is Preparing for Google Cloud Certification: Cloud Security Engineer. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google Cloud. The course instructor is Google Cloud Training. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Learn the skills needed to be successful in a cloud security engineer role,Learn the skills needed to be successful in a cloud security engineer role,Prepare for the Google Cloud Professional Cloud Security Engineer certification exam,Prepare for the Google Cloud Professional Cloud Security Engineer certification exam,Learn about Cloud Security including managing access, defining organizational structure/ policies, configuring network security, and analyzing logs.,Learn about Cloud Security including managing access, defining organizational structure/ policies, configuring network security, and analyzing logs.,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cloud Computing, Google Cloud Platform, Network Security, Cloud Platforms, Cloud Engineering, Computer Security Models, Security Engineering, Software Security, Network Architecture, System Security, Cloud Infrastructure, Computer Networking, Security Strategy, Computer Security Incident Management, Cloud Management, Network Model, Software-Defined Networking, Security Software, Cloud Storage, Google App Engine, Leadership and Management, Kubernetes
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/google-cloud-security this url.Course name is Tableau Business Intelligence Analyst. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Tableau Learning Partner. The course instructor is Tableau Learning Partner Instructor . The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Gain the essential skills necessary to excel in an entry-level Business Intelligence Analytics role.,Gain the essential skills necessary to excel in an entry-level Business Intelligence Analytics role.,Learn to use Tableau Public to manipulate and prepare data for analysis.,Learn to use Tableau Public to manipulate and prepare data for analysis.,Craft and dissect data visualizations that reveal patterns and drive actionable insights.,Craft and dissect data visualizations that reveal patterns and drive actionable insights.,Construct captivating narratives through data, enabling stakeholders to explore insights effectively.,Construct captivating narratives through data, enabling stakeholders to explore insights effectively.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Analysis, Data Analysis, Data Architecture, Data Management, Data Visualization, Interactive Data Visualization, Leadership and Management, Project Management, Tableau Software
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/tableau-business-intelligence-analyst this url.Course name is Modern Project Management Certificate. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the SkillUp EdTech. The course instructor is Daniel C. Yeomans. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Master the most up-to-date concepts, tools, principles, and language project managers use every day,Master the most up-to-date concepts, tools, principles, and language project managers use every day,Learn how to manage projects, including addressing difficult client situations and how activities shift throughout the project management lifecycle,Learn how to manage projects, including addressing difficult client situations and how activities shift throughout the project management lifecycle,Navigate communications, conversations, and leadership situations in a more effective way to better guide projects,Navigate communications, conversations, and leadership situations in a more effective way to better guide projects,Work on practical projects to build a portfolio that showcases your proficiency to employers while preparing for the CAPM certification exam,Work on practical projects to build a portfolio that showcases your proficiency to employers while preparing for the CAPM certification exam,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Analysis, Communication, Leadership and Management, Project Management, Risk Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/skillup-edtech-modern-project-management this url.Course name is Search Engine Optimization (SEO). This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California, Davis. The course instructor is Eric Enge. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Complete a competitive analysis on a webpage  ,Complete a competitive analysis on a webpage  ,Develop a solid approach for achieving a productive and successful relationship with your client  ,Develop a solid approach for achieving a productive and successful relationship with your client  ,Create influencer relationships and collaborations and analyze data to see which content gets the most shares,Create influencer relationships and collaborations and analyze data to see which content gets the most shares,Create a final report of your findings and recommendations for SEO and present your recommendations to your client  ,Create a final report of your findings and recommendations for SEO and present your recommendations to your client  ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Marketing, Search Engine Optimization, Digital Marketing, Strategy, Social Media, User Experience, Strategy and Operations, Customer Analysis, Media Strategy & Planning, User Research, Web Development, Market Analysis, Data Analysis, Market Research, Marketing Management, Marketing Psychology, User Experience Design, Web Development Tools, Algorithms, Brand Management, Communication, Critical Thinking, Decision Making, Influencing, Audit
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/seo this url.Course name is Writing in the Sciences. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Stanford University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Grammar,Writing,Medical Writing,Science Communication,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Writing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/sciwrite this url.Course name is The Science of Well-Being. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Yale University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Gratitude,Happiness,Meditation,Savoring,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/the-science-of-well-being this url.Course name is Connected Leadership. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Yale University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Improve your ability to get the most out of life  ,Improve your ability to get the most out of life  ,Strengthen your leadership toolkit  ,Strengthen your leadership toolkit  ,Practice and apply systems thinking to plan for change  ,Practice and apply systems thinking to plan for change  ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Change Management, People Management, Process Analysis
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/connected-leadership this url.Course name is Linear Algebra for Machine Learning and Data Science. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Luis Serrano. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Represent data as vectors and matrices and identify their properties using concepts of singularity, rank, and linear independence,Represent data as vectors and matrices and identify their properties using concepts of singularity, rank, and linear independence,Apply common vector and matrix algebra operations like dot product, inverse, and determinants,Apply common vector and matrix algebra operations like dot product, inverse, and determinants,Express certain types of matrix operations as linear transformation, and apply concepts of eigenvalues and eigenvectors to machine learning problems,Express certain types of matrix operations as linear transformation, and apply concepts of eigenvalues and eigenvectors to machine learning problems,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Algebra, Linear Algebra, Machine Learning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning-linear-algebra this url.Course name is DevOps on AWS. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Amazon Web Services. The course instructor is Morgan Willis. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Implement DevOps culture and practices in the AWS Cloud,Implement DevOps culture and practices in the AWS Cloud,Adopt and enforce Continuous Integration and Continuous
Delivery best practices on AWS,Adopt and enforce Continuous Integration and Continuous
Delivery best practices on AWS,Explore deployment strategies for serverless applications,Explore deployment strategies for serverless applications,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Amazon Web Services, Cloud Computing, Continuous Delivery, Continuous Integration, DevOps, Devops Tools, Cloud Infrastructure, Cloud Management, Cloud Applications, Cloud Platforms, Cloud Standards, Software Engineering, Software Testing, Leadership and Management, Cloud Storage
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/aws-devops this url.Course name is Preparing for Google Cloud Certification: Cloud Network Engineer. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google Cloud. The course instructor is Google Cloud Training. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Learn the skills needed to be successful in a cloud network engineering role,Learn the skills needed to be successful in a cloud network engineering role,Prepare for the Google Cloud Professional Cloud Network Engineer certification exam,Prepare for the Google Cloud Professional Cloud Network Engineer certification exam,Learn about implementing VPCs, hybrid connectivity, network services, and security for established network architectures on Google Cloud ,Learn about implementing VPCs, hybrid connectivity, network services, and security for established network architectures on Google Cloud ,Understand the purpose and intent of the Professional Cloud Network Engineer certification and its relationship to other Google Cloud certifications,Understand the purpose and intent of the Professional Cloud Network Engineer certification and its relationship to other Google Cloud certifications,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cloud Computing, Cloud Platforms, Computer Networking, Google Cloud Platform, Network Architecture, Cloud Engineering, Cloud Infrastructure, Network Model, Network Security, Software-Defined Networking, Security Strategy, Leadership and Management, Cloud Storage, Google App Engine, Kubernetes
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/google-cloud-networking this url.Course name is Preparing for Google Cloud Certification: Cloud Developer. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google Cloud. The course instructor is Google Cloud Training. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Identify the purpose and value of Google Cloud products and services.,Identify the purpose and value of Google Cloud products and services.,Learn the skills needed to be successful in a cloud developer engineering role.,Learn the skills needed to be successful in a cloud developer engineering role.,Choose among and use application deployment environments on Google Cloud: App Engine, Google Kubernetes Engine, and Compute Engine.,Choose among and use application deployment environments on Google Cloud: App Engine, Google Kubernetes Engine, and Compute Engine.,Techniques for monitoring, troubleshooting, and improving infrastructure and application performance in Google Cloud,Techniques for monitoring, troubleshooting, and improving infrastructure and application performance in Google Cloud,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cloud Applications, Cloud Computing, Google Cloud Platform, Cloud Platforms, Cloud Infrastructure, Cloud API, Application Development, Computer Architecture, Software Architecture, Data Architecture, Cloud Load Balancing, Cloud Storage, DevOps, Docker (Software), Google App Engine, Kubernetes
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/google-cloud-developer this url.Course name is Tools of the Trade: Linux and SQL. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Explain the relationship between operating systems, applications, and hardware,Explain the relationship between operating systems, applications, and hardware,Compare a graphical user interface to a command line interface,Compare a graphical user interface to a command line interface,Navigate and manage the file system using Linux commands via the Bash shell,Navigate and manage the file system using Linux commands via the Bash shell,Use SQL to retrieve information from a database,Use SQL to retrieve information from a database,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Linux, Databases, SQL
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/linux-and-sql this url.Course name is Networking in Google Cloud. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google Cloud. The course instructor is Google Cloud Training. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Google Compute Engine,Google App Engine (GAE),Google Cloud Platform,Cloud Computing,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cloud Computing, Cloud Platforms, Computer Networking, Google Cloud Platform, Network Architecture, Cloud Engineering, Cloud Infrastructure, Network Model, Network Security, Software-Defined Networking, Security Strategy, Leadership and Management, Cloud Storage, Google App Engine, Kubernetes
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/networking-google-cloud-platform this url.Course name is Preparing for Google Cloud Certification: Cloud DevOps Engineer. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google Cloud. The course instructor is Google Cloud Training. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Learn the skills needed to be successful in a cloud devops engineering role,Learn the skills needed to be successful in a cloud devops engineering role,Prepare for the Google Cloud Professional Cloud DevOps Engineer certification exam,Prepare for the Google Cloud Professional Cloud DevOps Engineer certification exam,Techniques for monitoring, troubleshooting, and improving infrastructure and application performance in Google Cloud guided by principles of SRE. ,Techniques for monitoring, troubleshooting, and improving infrastructure and application performance in Google Cloud guided by principles of SRE. ,Understand the purpose and intent of the Professional Cloud DevOps Engineer certification and its relationship to other Google Cloud certifications,Understand the purpose and intent of the Professional Cloud DevOps Engineer certification and its relationship to other Google Cloud certifications,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  DevOps, Communication, Leadership and Management, Collaboration, Design and Product, Entrepreneurship, Product Development, Product Management, Strategy and Operations, Leadership Development, Cloud Computing, Cloud Infrastructure, Cloud Platforms, Cloud Storage, Culture, Docker (Software), Google App Engine, Google Cloud Platform, Kubernetes
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/sre-devops-engineer-google-cloud this url.Course name is Process Data from Dirty to Clean. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Define different types of data integrity and identify risks to data integrity.,Define different types of data integrity and identify risks to data integrity.,Apply basic SQL functions to clean string variables in a database.,Apply basic SQL functions to clean string variables in a database.,Develop basic SQL queries for use on databases.,Develop basic SQL queries for use on databases.,Describe the process of verifying data cleaning results.,Describe the process of verifying data cleaning results.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, SQL, Spreadsheet Software, General Statistics, Databases, Extract, Transform, Load, Microsoft Excel
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/process-data this url.Course name is Business Strategy. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Virginia. The course instructor is Michael Lenox. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to evaluate industry evolution,How to evaluate industry evolution,How to build and sustain competitive advantage,How to build and sustain competitive advantage,How to formulate and assess business strategies,How to formulate and assess business strategies,How to align efforts to organizational strategy,How to align efforts to organizational strategy,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Strategy, Strategy and Operations, Leadership and Management, Entrepreneurship, Marketing, Sales, Market Analysis, Business Development, Business Analysis, Business Transformation, Finance, Investment Management, Planning, Product Strategy, Business Design, Decision Making, Research and Design
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/business-strategy this url.Course name is Introduction to Negotiation: A Strategic Playbook for Becoming a Principled and Persuasive Negotiator. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Yale University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Game Theory,Negotiation,Collaboration,Principled Negotiation,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Negotiation, Game Theory, Strategy
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/negotiation this url.Course name is Supply Chain Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Rutgers the State University of New Jersey. The course instructor is Rudolf Leuschner, Ph.D.. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Forecasting,Lean Six Sigma,Supply Chain Risk Management,Logistics,Supply Chain,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Supply Chain Systems, Supply Chain and Logistics, Planning, Strategy and Operations, Inventory Management, Leadership and Management, Operations Management, Business Analysis, Continuous Delivery, Critical Thinking, Data Analysis, Forecasting, Microsoft Excel, Spreadsheet Software, Statistical Analysis, Strategy, Supplier Relationship Management, Warehouse Management, Probability & Statistics, Transportation Operations Management, Material Handling, Project Management, Shipping and Receiving, Store Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/supply-chain-management this url.Course name is Fundamentals of Project Planning and Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Virginia. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to initiate, define and organize a project,How to initiate, define and organize a project,How to develop a project plan, including scoping, sequencing tasks, and determining a critical path,How to develop a project plan, including scoping, sequencing tasks, and determining a critical path,How to assess, prioritize and manage project risk,How to assess, prioritize and manage project risk,How to execute projects and use the earned value approach for monitoring and controlling progress,How to execute projects and use the earned value approach for monitoring and controlling progress,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Project Management, Strategy and Operations, Leadership and Management, Planning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/uva-darden-project-management this url.Course name is Crash Course on Python. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand what Python is and why Python is relevant to automation,Understand what Python is and why Python is relevant to automation,Write short Python scripts to perform automated actions,Write short Python scripts to perform automated actions,Understand how to use the basic Python structures: strings, lists, and dictionaries,Understand how to use the basic Python structures: strings, lists, and dictionaries,Create your own Python objects,Create your own Python objects,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, Data Structures, Problem Solving, Python Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/python-crash-course this url.Course name is Developing Applications with Google Cloud. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google Cloud. The course instructor is Google Cloud Training. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Identify the purpose and value of Google Cloud products and services,Identify the purpose and value of Google Cloud products and services,Describe best practices for cloud-native application development,Describe best practices for cloud-native application development,Implement federated identity management using Firebase authentication,Implement federated identity management using Firebase authentication,Deploy applications using Container Builder, Container Registry, and Terraform,Deploy applications using Container Builder, Container Registry, and Terraform,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cloud API, Cloud Computing, Cloud Platforms, Google Cloud Platform, Cloud Applications, Application Development, Cloud Infrastructure, Computer Architecture, Software Architecture, Data Architecture, Cloud Storage, Google App Engine, Kubernetes
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/developing-apps-gcp this url.Course name is Security in Google Cloud. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google Cloud. The course instructor is Google Cloud Training. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand the Google approach to security.,Understand the Google approach to security.,Manage administrative identities using Cloud Identity and Implement IP traffic controls using VPC firewalls and Cloud Armor. ,Manage administrative identities using Cloud Identity and Implement IP traffic controls using VPC firewalls and Cloud Armor. ,Implement least privilege administrative access using Google Cloud Resource Manager, Cloud IAM. ,Implement least privilege administrative access using Google Cloud Resource Manager, Cloud IAM. ,Remediate important types of vulnerabilities, especially public access to data and VMs.,Remediate important types of vulnerabilities, especially public access to data and VMs.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Google Cloud Platform, Cloud Computing, Security Engineering, System Security, Cloud Platforms, Computer Security Models, Network Security, Security Software, Security Strategy, Software Security, Cloud Infrastructure, Cloud Management, Cloud Storage, Google App Engine, Kubernetes
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/security-google-cloud-platform this url.Course name is Leadership Skills. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IIMA - IIM Ahmedabad. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Acquire an understanding of oneself and build inner stability.,Acquire an understanding of oneself and build inner stability.,Describe various leadership styles and how to lead downwards.,Describe various leadership styles and how to lead downwards.,Explain the biases that impact communication and a leader’s decision-making capability.,Explain the biases that impact communication and a leader’s decision-making capability.,Explore the art of leading upward and sideways.,Explore the art of leading upward and sideways.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, Leadership and Management, People Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/leadershipskills this url.Course name is Data Structures and Algorithms. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California San Diego. The course instructor is Michael Levin. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Play with 50 algorithmic puzzles on your smartphone to develop your algorithmic intuition!  Apply algorithmic techniques (greedy algorithms, binary search, dynamic programming, etc.) and data structures (stacks, queues, trees, graphs, etc.) to solve 100 programming challenges that often appear at interviews at high-tech companies. Get an instant feedback on whether your solution is correct.,Play with 50 algorithmic puzzles on your smartphone to develop your algorithmic intuition!  Apply algorithmic techniques (greedy algorithms, binary search, dynamic programming, etc.) and data structures (stacks, queues, trees, graphs, etc.) to solve 100 programming challenges that often appear at interviews at high-tech companies. Get an instant feedback on whether your solution is correct.,Apply the newly learned algorithms to solve real-world challenges: navigating in a Big Network  or assembling a genome of a deadly pathogen from millions of short substrings of its DNA.,Apply the newly learned algorithms to solve real-world challenges: navigating in a Big Network  or assembling a genome of a deadly pathogen from millions of short substrings of its DNA.,Learn exactly the same material as undergraduate students in “Algorithms 101” at top universities and more! We are excited that students from various parts of the world are now studying our online materials in the Algorithms 101 classes at their universities. Here is a quote from the website of Professor ,Learn exactly the same material as undergraduate students in “Algorithms 101” at top universities and more! We are excited that students from various parts of the world are now studying our online materials in the Algorithms 101 classes at their universities. Here is a quote from the website of Professor ,Sauleh EetemadiOpens in a new tab,Sauleh Eetemadi,Sauleh Eetemadi, from Iran University of Science and Technology: “After examining syllabus and course material from top universities including , from Iran University of Science and Technology: “After examining syllabus and course material from top universities including ,StanfordOpens in a new tab,Stanford,Stanford,, ,, ,PrincetonOpens in a new tab,Princeton,Princeton, and , and ,MITOpens in a new tab,MIT,MIT, we have chosen to follow the , we have chosen to follow the ,Data Structures and Algorithms SpecializationOpens in a new tab,Data Structures and Algorithms Specialization,Data Structures and Algorithms Specialization, from UCSD...due to excellent course material and its practical approach.”, from UCSD...due to excellent course material and its practical approach.”,If you decide to venture beyond Algorithms 101, try to solve more complex programming challenges (flows in networks, linear programming, streaming algorithms, etc.) and complete an equivalent of a graduate course in algorithms!,If you decide to venture beyond Algorithms 101, try to solve more complex programming challenges (flows in networks, linear programming, streaming algorithms, etc.) and complete an equivalent of a graduate course in algorithms!,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Algorithms, Theoretical Computer Science, Computer Programming, Data Structures, Problem Solving, Mathematics, Computational Thinking, Computer Programming Tools, Computational Logic, Critical Thinking, Graph Theory, Programming Principles, Mathematical Theory & Analysis, C++ Programming, Algebra, Software Testing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/data-structures-algorithms this url.Course name is Digital Marketing. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. The course instructor is Vishal Sachdev. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Brand Communication,Social Media,Content Marketing,Digital Marketing,search marketing,Mobile Marketing,Integrated Marketing Communications,Marketing Channel,Data Collection,Data Analysis,Analytics,Data Visualization,Marketing,Marketing Mix,Product Strategies,Pricing Strategies,Marketing Plan,Marketing Performance Measurement And Management,Search Advertising,Marketing Analytics,Marketing Performance,View all skills,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Digital Marketing, Marketing, Market Analysis, Media Strategy & Planning, Social Media, Data Analysis, Market Research, Advertising, Communication, Strategy, Business Analysis, Data Visualization, Exploratory Data Analysis, Data Management, Brand Management, Marketing Management, Data Analysis Software, Decision Making, Marketing Design, Critical Thinking, Process Analysis, Business Communication, Business Intelligence, Business Transformation, Product Strategy, Interactive Data Visualization, Collaboration, Innovation, Planning, Influencing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/digital-marketing this url.Course name is Foundations of Positive Psychology. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Martin E.P. Seligman, Ph.D.. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Master strategies and tools that enable individuals and organizations to thrive. ,Master strategies and tools that enable individuals and organizations to thrive. ,Discover key theories and research in the field of positive psychology as well as opportunities for application. ,Discover key theories and research in the field of positive psychology as well as opportunities for application. ,Apply key concepts from Positive Psychology to your personal and professional life. ,Apply key concepts from Positive Psychology to your personal and professional life. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Resilience
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/positivepsychology this url.Course name is Bookkeeping Basics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Intuit. The course instructor is Intuit Academy Team. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Define accounting and the concepts of accounting measurement.,Define accounting and the concepts of accounting measurement.,Explain the role of a bookkeeper and common bookkeeping tasks and responsibilities.,Explain the role of a bookkeeper and common bookkeeping tasks and responsibilities.,Summarize the double entry accounting method.,Summarize the double entry accounting method.,Explain the ethical and social responsibilities of bookkeepers in ensuring the integrity of financial information.,Explain the ethical and social responsibilities of bookkeepers in ensuring the integrity of financial information.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Accounting, General Accounting, Accounting Software, Finance
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/bookkeeping-basics this url.Course name is Regulatory Compliance. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Andrew Kandel. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Create a thorough risk profile for your organization.,Create a thorough risk profile for your organization.,Tailor a comprehensive compliance program with features best suited to address your organization’s specific risk profile.,Tailor a comprehensive compliance program with features best suited to address your organization’s specific risk profile.,Develop strategies for implementing the technologies, policies, monitoring, and training for building an effective privacy compliance program.,Develop strategies for implementing the technologies, policies, monitoring, and training for building an effective privacy compliance program.,Describe the factors that drive the need for anti-corruption laws and understand the ramifications of doing business in a highly-regulated world.,Describe the factors that drive the need for anti-corruption laws and understand the ramifications of doing business in a highly-regulated world.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Regulations and Compliance, Critical Thinking, Leadership and Management, Organizational Development, Risk Management, Strategy and Operations, Strategy, Finance, Decision Making, Employee Relations, Problem Solving, Communication, Conflict Management, Operations Management, Brand Management, Data Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/regulatory-compliance this url.Course name is Pharmacy Technician Fundamentals. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the MedCerts. The course instructor is Jennifer Zabel. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Medical Ethics,Working in a Pharmacy Setting,Counting/Weighing/Measuring Medications,Using Pharmacy Software,Calculating Dosages,human anatomy,Understanding Tablet and Capsule Prescriptions,Reading Prescriptions,Liquid Prescriptions,Understanding Pharmacy Terminology,Interpreting Prescriptions,Common Drugs and Usages,View all skills,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/pharmacy-technician-fundamentals this url.Course name is Applied Data Science with R. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Rav Ahuja. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Perform basic R programming tasks like working with data structures, data manipulation, using APIs, webscraping, and using R Studio and Jupyter.,Perform basic R programming tasks like working with data structures, data manipulation, using APIs, webscraping, and using R Studio and Jupyter.,Create relational databases and tables, load them with data from CSV files, and query data using SQL and R using JupyterLab.,Create relational databases and tables, load them with data from CSV files, and query data using SQL and R using JupyterLab.,Complete the data analysis process, including data preparation,
statistical analysis, and predictive modeling.,Complete the data analysis process, including data preparation,
statistical analysis, and predictive modeling.,Communicate data analysis findings with data visualization charts, plots, and dashboards using libraries such as ggplot, leaflet and R Shiny.,Communicate data analysis findings with data visualization charts, plots, and dashboards using libraries such as ggplot, leaflet and R Shiny.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, R Programming, Computer Programming, Statistical Programming, Data Management, Data Visualization, Databases, Exploratory Data Analysis, Statistical Analysis, Data Analysis Software, Data Structures, Plot (Graphics), Statistical Visualization, Basic Descriptive Statistics, Interactive Data Visualization, SQL, Database Application, Extract, Transform, Load, General Statistics, Visualization (Computer Graphics), Programming Principles, Database Administration, Database Design, Database Theory, Computer Programming Tools, Correlation And Dependence, Statistical Machine Learning, Visual Design, Statistical Tests, Data Science
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/applied-data-science-r this url.Course name is NoSQL, Big Data, and Spark Foundations. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is IBM Skills Network Team. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Work with NoSQL databases to insert, update, delete, query, index, aggregate, and shard/partition data.,Work with NoSQL databases to insert, update, delete, query, index, aggregate, and shard/partition data.,Develop hands-on NoSQL experience working with MongoDB, Apache Cassandra, and IBM Cloudant.,Develop hands-on NoSQL experience working with MongoDB, Apache Cassandra, and IBM Cloudant.,Develop foundational knowledge of Big Data and gain hands-on lab experience using Apache Hadoop, MapReduce,  Apache Spark, Spark SQL, and Kubernetes.,Develop foundational knowledge of Big Data and gain hands-on lab experience using Apache Hadoop, MapReduce,  Apache Spark, Spark SQL, and Kubernetes.,Perform Extract, Transform and Load (ETL) processing and Machine Learning model training and deployment with Apache Spark.,Perform Extract, Transform and Load (ETL) processing and Machine Learning model training and deployment with Apache Spark.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Apache, Big Data, Data Management, Distributed Computing Architecture, Databases, NoSQL, Extract, Transform, Load, SQL, Cloud Computing, Data Model, Machine Learning, Data Architecture, Database Administration, Database Design, IBM Cloud, Database Theory, Kubernetes, Python Programming, Data Warehousing, Process Analysis
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/nosql-big-data-and-spark-foundations this url.Course name is Project Execution: Running the Project. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Implement the key quality management concepts of quality standards, quality planning, quality assurance, and quality control.,Implement the key quality management concepts of quality standards, quality planning, quality assurance, and quality control.,Demonstrate how to prioritize and analyze data and how to communicate a project’s data-informed story. ,Demonstrate how to prioritize and analyze data and how to communicate a project’s data-informed story. ,Discuss the stages of team development and how to manage team dynamics.,Discuss the stages of team development and how to manage team dynamics.,Describe the steps of the closing process and create project closing documentation.,Describe the steps of the closing process and create project closing documentation.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Communication, Project Management, Strategy and Operations, Business Communication, Collaboration, Risk Management, Planning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/project-execution-google this url.Course name is Business Analytics with Excel: Elementary to Advanced. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Johns Hopkins University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Modeling,Spreadsheet,Microsoft Excel,Business Analytics,Solver,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Analysis, Data Analysis, Data Visualization, Spreadsheet Software, Data Model, Decision Making, Microsoft Excel, Process Analysis, Statistical Visualization
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/business-analytics-excel this url.Course name is Improve Your English Communication Skills. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Georgia Institute of Technology. The course instructor is Gerry Landers. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Professional,Email Writing,Writing,Presentation,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, Writing, Business Communication, Professional Development
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/improve-english this url.Course name is People and Soft Skills for Professional and Personal Success. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is IBM Skills Network Team. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Create and deliver presentations that will leave a lasting impact on your audience ,Create and deliver presentations that will leave a lasting impact on your audience ,Communicate with your peers in a way that builds your personal reputation and increases your eminence,Communicate with your peers in a way that builds your personal reputation and increases your eminence,Demonstrate active listening skills and questioning styles to explore issues, enhance understanding, and resolve problems,Demonstrate active listening skills and questioning styles to explore issues, enhance understanding, and resolve problems,Complete work in an agile and effective manner that will ensure satisfaction and contribute to your career growth,Complete work in an agile and effective manner that will ensure satisfaction and contribute to your career growth,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Communication, Problem Solving, Critical Thinking, Planning, Professional Development, Collaboration, People Management, Conflict Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/people-and-soft-skills-for-professional-success this url.Course name is Preparing for Google Cloud Certification: Machine Learning Engineer. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google Cloud. The course instructor is Google Cloud Training. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Learn the skills needed to be successful in a machine learning engineering role,Learn the skills needed to be successful in a machine learning engineering role,Prepare for the Google Cloud Professional Machine Learning Engineer certification exam,Prepare for the Google Cloud Professional Machine Learning Engineer certification exam,Understand how to design, build, productionalize ML models to solve business challenges using Google Cloud technologies,Understand how to design, build, productionalize ML models to solve business challenges using Google Cloud technologies,Understand the purpose of the Professional Machine Learning Engineer certification and its relationship to other Google Cloud certifications,Understand the purpose of the Professional Machine Learning Engineer certification and its relationship to other Google Cloud certifications,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Google Cloud Platform, Applied Machine Learning, Human Learning, Cloud Computing, Machine Learning Software, Cloud Platforms, Machine Learning Algorithms, Deep Learning, Tensorflow, Feature Engineering, Artificial Neural Networks, Training, Exploratory Data Analysis, DevOps, Python Programming, Cloud-Based Integration, Data Analysis, Data Visualization, Probability & Statistics, Statistical Programming, Big Data, Regression, Statistical Visualization, SQL, Algorithms, Continuous Integration, Cloud API, Apache, Extract, Transform, Load, Docker (Software)
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/preparing-for-google-cloud-machine-learning-engineer-professional-certificate this url.Course name is AI for Medicine. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Amirhossein Kiani. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Diagnose diseases from x-rays and 3D MRI brain images,Diagnose diseases from x-rays and 3D MRI brain images,Predict patient survival rates more accurately using tree-based models,Predict patient survival rates more accurately using tree-based models,Estimate treatment effects on patients using data from randomized trials,Estimate treatment effects on patients using data from randomized trials,Automate the task of labeling medical datasets using natural language processing,Automate the task of labeling medical datasets using natural language processing,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Deep Learning, Python Programming, Artificial Neural Networks, Statistical Programming, Probability & Statistics
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/ai-for-medicine this url.Course name is ChatGPT Advanced Data Analysis. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Vanderbilt University. The course instructor is Dr. Jules White. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Automate tasks in your work and life with ChatGPT Code Interpreter,Automate tasks in your work and life with ChatGPT Code Interpreter,Automate reading and creating PDFs, PowerPoint, Excel, images, video, and more,Automate reading and creating PDFs, PowerPoint, Excel, images, video, and more,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/chatgpt-advanced-data-analysis this url.Course name is Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs). This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Sharon Zhou. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand GAN components, build basic GANs using PyTorch and advanced DCGANs using convolutional layers, control your GAN and build conditional GAN,Understand GAN components, build basic GANs using PyTorch and advanced DCGANs using convolutional layers, control your GAN and build conditional GAN,,,Compare generative models, use FID method to assess GAN fidelity and diversity, learn to detect bias in GAN, and implement StyleGAN techniques,Compare generative models, use FID method to assess GAN fidelity and diversity, learn to detect bias in GAN, and implement StyleGAN techniques,,,Use GANs for data augmentation and privacy preservation, survey GANs applications, and examine and build Pix2Pix and CycleGAN for image translation,Use GANs for data augmentation and privacy preservation, survey GANs applications, and examine and build Pix2Pix and CycleGAN for image translation,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Artificial Neural Networks, Machine Learning Algorithms, Python Programming, Deep Learning, Machine Learning Software, Statistical Programming, Computer Vision, Computer Programming, Human Learning, General Statistics, Problem Solving
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/generative-adversarial-networks-gans this url.Course name is Data Science. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Johns Hopkins University. The course instructor is Roger D. Peng, PhD. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Use R to clean, analyze, and visualize data.,Use R to clean, analyze, and visualize data.,Navigate the entire data science pipeline from data acquisition to publication. ,Navigate the entire data science pipeline from data acquisition to publication. ,Use GitHub to manage data science projects.,Use GitHub to manage data science projects.,Perform regression analysis, least squares and inference using regression models.,Perform regression analysis, least squares and inference using regression models.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  R Programming, Data Analysis, Statistical Programming, Statistical Analysis, Computer Programming, Exploratory Data Analysis, General Statistics, Problem Solving, Data Analysis Software, Probability & Statistics, Computer Programming Tools, Critical Thinking, Programming Principles, Statistical Tests, Data Management, Data Structures, Statistical Machine Learning, Basic Descriptive Statistics, Algorithms, Data Model, Human Learning, Machine Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Process Analysis, Correlation And Dependence, Data Visualization, Plot (Graphics), Regression, Computer Graphics, Applied Machine Learning, Big Data, Computational Thinking, Data Mining, Estimation, Extract, Transform, Load, Probability Distribution, Databases, Interactive Data Visualization, Machine Learning Software, Communication, Computer Graphic Techniques, Knitr, Natural Language Processing, Visualization (Computer Graphics), Interactive Design, Product Development, Web Development
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/jhu-data-science this url.Course name is Algorithms. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Stanford University. The course instructor is Tim Roughgarden. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Algorithms,Dynamic Programming,Greedy Algorithm,Divide And Conquer Algorithms,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Algorithms, Theoretical Computer Science, Computer Programming, Problem Solving, Graph Theory, Mathematics, Data Structures, Computational Thinking, Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Critical Thinking, Computational Logic, Programming Principles, Software Engineering
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/algorithms this url.Course name is Salesforce Sales Operations. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Salesforce. The course instructor is Trailhead. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Build reports, charts and dashboards in Salesforce to communicate relevant information about sales performance to stakeholders and executives.,Build reports, charts and dashboards in Salesforce to communicate relevant information about sales performance to stakeholders and executives.,Use Salesforce Sales Cloud Lightning to manage accounts, opportunities, products, quotes, and contracts.,Use Salesforce Sales Cloud Lightning to manage accounts, opportunities, products, quotes, and contracts.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Sales, Customer Relationship Management, Salesforce, Sales Systems, Account Management, Business Process Management, Customer Success, Leadership and Management, Marketing, Operations Management, Strategy, Strategy and Operations, B2B Sales, Databases, Business Analysis, Data Visualization, Data Visualization Software
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/salesforce-sales-operations this url.Course name is Getting started with Google Workspace. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google Cloud. The course instructor is Google Cloud Training. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Demonstrate the key features of Google Docs, Google Sheets, Google Slides, Google Calendar, Google Drive, Google Meet and Google Chat,Demonstrate the key features of Google Docs, Google Sheets, Google Slides, Google Calendar, Google Drive, Google Meet and Google Chat,Secure, share and collaborate with others in Google Workspace,Secure, share and collaborate with others in Google Workspace,Configure Google Workspace to suit your way of working,Configure Google Workspace to suit your way of working,Solve business challenges using Google Workspace,Solve business challenges using Google Workspace,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Collaboration, Google Cloud Platform, Communication, Cloud Applications, User Experience, Cloud Platforms, Leadership and Management, Cloud Computing, Business Communication, Organizational Development, Google App Engine, Cloud Storage, Data Management, Planning, Problem Solving, Business Analysis, People Management, Spreadsheet Software, Business Process Management, Other Cloud Platforms and Tools, Project Management, Writing, Professional Development, Cloud-Based Integration, Data Analysis, Strategy, Exploratory Data Analysis, Design and Product, Visual Design, Graphic Design
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/getting-started-with-google-workspace this url.Course name is Microsoft Azure Data Engineering Associate (DP-203). This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Microsoft. The course instructor is  Microsoft. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Develop Azure compute solutions,Monitor and troubleshoot Azure solutions,Develop for Azure storage,Connect to and consume Azure services and third-party services,Implement Azure security,View all skills,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Management, Microsoft Azure, Extract, Transform, Load, Cloud Computing, Big Data, Data Warehousing, Cloud-Based Integration, Cloud Storage, Data Architecture, Cloud Engineering, Cloud Platforms, Databases, SQL, Data Analysis, Cloud Applications, Data Structures, Cloud Infrastructure, Distributed Computing Architecture, Cloud Management, Warehouse Management, Leadership and Management, NoSQL, Operational Analysis, Data Visualization, Python Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.4. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/microsoft-azure-dp-203-data-engineering this url.Course name is Introduction to Programming with Python and Java. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Brandon Krakowsky. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describe core Python programming concepts, including how to configure tools for Python code and write fully functional programs using data structures,Describe core Python programming concepts, including how to configure tools for Python code and write fully functional programs using data structures,Examine core data science techniques and concepts using Python, including using data analysis libraries and developing data visualization skills,Examine core data science techniques and concepts using Python, including using data analysis libraries and developing data visualization skills,Apply core principles of object-oriented programming and Java to write fully functional programs using classes and methods, and perform unit testing,Apply core principles of object-oriented programming and Java to write fully functional programs using classes and methods, and perform unit testing,Understand Java inheritance and apply techniques for parsing text in files, using advanced data structures to store information, and debugging code,Understand Java inheritance and apply techniques for parsing text in files, using advanced data structures to store information, and debugging code,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, Python Programming, Programming Principles, Java Programming, Computer Programming Tools, Data Analysis, Data Structures, Problem Solving, Computational Logic, Computational Thinking, Critical Thinking, Data Analysis Software, Data Management, Data Visualization, Exploratory Data Analysis, Software Engineering, Data Science
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/programming-python-java this url.Course name is Software Product Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Alberta. The course instructor is Kenny Wong. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Master Agile software development practices.,Master Agile software development practices.,Confidently interact with clients and manage a team of developers.,Confidently interact with clients and manage a team of developers.,Practice and apply management techniques to industry-inspired scenarios.,Practice and apply management techniques to industry-inspired scenarios.,Share your experiences and learn from the insights of others as part of a software product management community.,Share your experiences and learn from the insights of others as part of a software product management community.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Software Engineering, Agile Software Development, Product Management, Design and Product, Leadership and Management, Project Management, Planning, Application Development, Product Design, Entrepreneurship, Strategy and Operations, Business Analysis, Collaboration, User Experience, Scrum (Software Development), Supply Chain and Logistics
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/product-management this url.Course name is Unsupervised Learning, Recommenders, Reinforcement Learning. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Andrew Ng. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Use unsupervised learning techniques for unsupervised learning: including clustering and anomaly detection,Use unsupervised learning techniques for unsupervised learning: including clustering and anomaly detection,Build recommender systems with a collaborative filtering approach and a content-based deep learning method,Build recommender systems with a collaborative filtering approach and a content-based deep learning method,Build a deep reinforcement learning model,Build a deep reinforcement learning model,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Algorithms, Machine Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Applied Machine Learning, Human Learning, Deep Learning, Machine Learning Software, Mathematics, Reinforcement Learning, Statistical Machine Learning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/unsupervised-learning-recommenders-reinforcement-learning this url.Course name is OKR Certification: Leadership and Goal Setting. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Measure What Matters. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand and write Objectives and Key Results (OKRs).,Understand and write Objectives and Key Results (OKRs).,Clearly communicate strategy and top priorities to your organization.,Clearly communicate strategy and top priorities to your organization.,Effectively align goals with initiatives across an entire organization.,Effectively align goals with initiatives across an entire organization.,Implement an OKR program at your organization.,Implement an OKR program at your organization.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Strategy, Strategy and Operations, Business Transformation, Communication, Organizational Development, Professional Development, Critical Thinking, Leadership Development, Performance Management, Planning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/okr this url.Course name is Preparing for Google Cloud Certification: Cloud Data Engineer. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google Cloud. The course instructor is Google Cloud Training. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Identify the purpose and value of the key Big Data and Machine Learning products in Google Cloud.,Identify the purpose and value of the key Big Data and Machine Learning products in Google Cloud.,Employ BigQuery to carry out interactive data analysis.,Employ BigQuery to carry out interactive data analysis.,Use Cloud SQL and Dataproc to migrate existing MySQL and Hadoop/Pig/Spark/Hive workloads to Google Cloud.,Use Cloud SQL and Dataproc to migrate existing MySQL and Hadoop/Pig/Spark/Hive workloads to Google Cloud.,Choose between different data processing products on Google Cloud.,Choose between different data processing products on Google Cloud.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cloud Computing, Google Cloud Platform, Cloud Platforms, Data Management, Data Analysis Software, Databases, Big Data, Data Analysis, Computer Networking, Applied Machine Learning, Human Learning, Machine Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Machine Learning Software, Communication, Algorithms, Apache, Business Analysis, Leadership and Management, Problem Solving, Feature Engineering, SQL, Cloud Storage, Python Programming, Data Warehousing, Statistical Programming, Tensorflow
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/gcp-data-engineering this url.Course name is Google Cloud Digital Leader Training. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google Cloud. The course instructor is Google Cloud Training. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Recall fundamental cloud terminology. ,Recall fundamental cloud terminology. ,Identify Google Cloud products and solutions that support digital transformation.,Identify Google Cloud products and solutions that support digital transformation.,Explain how cloud technology and data can be leveraged to innovate within organizations.,Explain how cloud technology and data can be leveraged to innovate within organizations.,Identify key change patterns and Google Cloud products for infrastructure and application modernization. ,Identify key change patterns and Google Cloud products for infrastructure and application modernization. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cloud Infrastructure, Google Cloud Platform, Cloud Computing, Data Architecture, Cloud Platforms, DevOps, Google App Engine, Innovation, Leadership and Management, Machine Learning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/google-cloud-digital-leader-training this url.Course name is Reinforcement Learning. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Alberta. The course instructor is Adam White. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Build a Reinforcement Learning system for sequential decision making.,Build a Reinforcement Learning system for sequential decision making.,Understand the space of RL algorithms (Temporal- Difference learning, Monte Carlo, Sarsa, Q-learning, Policy Gradients, Dyna, and more).,Understand the space of RL algorithms (Temporal- Difference learning, Monte Carlo, Sarsa, Q-learning, Policy Gradients, Dyna, and more).,Understand how to formalize your task as a Reinforcement Learning problem, and how to begin implementing a solution.  ,Understand how to formalize your task as a Reinforcement Learning problem, and how to begin implementing a solution.  ,Understand how RL fits under the broader umbrella of machine learning, and how it complements deep learning, supervised and unsupervised learning ,Understand how RL fits under the broader umbrella of machine learning, and how it complements deep learning, supervised and unsupervised learning ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Reinforcement Learning, Algorithms, Human Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Applied Machine Learning, Computer Programming, Python Programming, Statistical Machine Learning, Statistical Programming, Artificial Neural Networks, Decision Making, Estimation, Mathematics
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/reinforcement-learning this url.Course name is Security Analyst Fundamentals. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is IBM Skills Network Team. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Develop knowledge in digital forensics,Develop knowledge in digital forensics,, incident response and penetration testing.,, incident response and penetration testing.,Advance your ,Advance your ,knowledge of cybersecurity analyst tools ,knowledge of cybersecurity analyst tools ,including data and endpoint protection; SIEM; and systems and network fundamentals.  ,including data and endpoint protection; SIEM; and systems and network fundamentals.  ,Get hands-on experience to develop skills  ,Get hands-on experience to develop skills  ,via industry specific and open source Security tools.,via industry specific and open source Security tools.,Apply your skills to investigate ,Apply your skills to investigate ,a real-world security breach identifying the attack, vulnerabilities, costs and prevention recommendations.,a real-world security breach identifying the attack, vulnerabilities, costs and prevention recommendations.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Security Strategy, Computer Security Incident Management, Python Programming, Cyberattacks, DevOps, Mobile Security, Software Security, System Software, Computer Programming, Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/security-analyst-fundamentals this url.Course name is Genomic Data Science. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Johns Hopkins University. The course instructor is Mihaela Pertea, PhD. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Next generation sequencing experiments,Next generation sequencing experiments,Genomic technologies,Genomic technologies,DNA, RNA and epigenetic patterns,DNA, RNA and epigenetic patterns,Genome analysis,Genome analysis,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Bioinformatics, Computer Programming, Data Analysis, Python Programming, Computational Thinking, General Statistics, Exploratory Data Analysis, R Programming, Algorithms, Computer Programming Tools, Data Analysis Software, Biostatistics, Statistical Analysis, Programming Principles, Probability & Statistics, Statistical Tests, Data Structures, Operating Systems, Research and Design, Big Data, Computational Logic, Problem Solving, Statistical Programming, Experiment, Basic Descriptive Statistics, Correlation And Dependence
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/genomic-data-science this url.Course name is Psychological First Aid. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Johns Hopkins University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Reflective Listening,Active Listening,Crisis Intervention,Psychological First Aid,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/psychological-first-aid this url.Course name is Data Science: Foundations using R. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Johns Hopkins University. The course instructor is Roger D. Peng, PhD. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Use R to clean, analyze, and visualize data.,Use R to clean, analyze, and visualize data.,Learn how to ask the right questions, obtain data, and perform reproducible research.,Learn how to ask the right questions, obtain data, and perform reproducible research.,Use GitHub to manage data science projects.,Use GitHub to manage data science projects.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, R Programming, Statistical Programming, Exploratory Data Analysis, Computer Programming, Computer Programming Tools, Data Management, Programming Principles, Data Structures, Statistical Analysis, Critical Thinking, Problem Solving, General Statistics, Process Analysis, Computational Thinking, Big Data, Data Mining, Data Visualization, Databases, Extract, Transform, Load, Plot (Graphics), Communication, Computer Graphic Techniques, Computer Graphics, Interactive Data Visualization, Knitr, Visualization (Computer Graphics)
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/data-science-foundations-r this url.Course name is Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python). This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Michigan. The course instructor is Charles Russell Severance. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Install Python and write your first program,Install Python and write your first program,Describe the basics of the Python programming language,Describe the basics of the Python programming language,Use variables to store, retrieve and calculate information,Use variables to store, retrieve and calculate information,Utilize core programming tools such as functions and loops,Utilize core programming tools such as functions and loops,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computational Logic, Computational Thinking, Computer Programming, Computer Programming Tools, Critical Thinking, Problem Solving, Programming Principles, Python Programming, Software Engineering, Theoretical Computer Science
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/python this url.Course name is Certified in Cybersecurity. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the ISC2. The course instructor is (ISC)² Education & Training. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Demonstrate that you have foundational knowledge of industry terminology, network security, security operations and policies and procedures.,Demonstrate that you have foundational knowledge of industry terminology, network security, security operations and policies and procedures.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Security Incident Management, Risk Management, Leadership and Management, Network Security, Cryptography, Cyberattacks, Operations Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/certified-in-cybersecurity this url.Course name is Operating Systems and You: Becoming a Power User. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Powershell,Linux File Systems,Command-Line Interface,Linux,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Linux, Leadership and Management, Operating Systems
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/os-power-user this url.Course name is Analyze Data to Answer Questions. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Discuss the importance of organizing your data before analysis by using sorts and filters.,Discuss the importance of organizing your data before analysis by using sorts and filters.,Convert and format data.,Convert and format data.,Apply the use of functions and syntax to create SQL queries to combine data from multiple database tables.,Apply the use of functions and syntax to create SQL queries to combine data from multiple database tables.,Describe the use of functions to conduct basic calculations on data in spreadsheets.,Describe the use of functions to conduct basic calculations on data in spreadsheets.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, Data Management, Microsoft Excel, SQL, Spreadsheet Software
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/analyze-data this url.Course name is Improving Deep Neural Networks: Hyperparameter Tuning, Regularization and Optimization. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Andrew Ng. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Tensorflow,Deep Learning,hyperparameter tuning,Mathematical Optimization,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Applied Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Machine Learning, Artificial Neural Networks, Machine Learning Algorithms, Algorithms, Computer Programming, Mathematics, Python Programming, Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Tensorflow, Human Learning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/deep-neural-network this url.Course name is Successful Negotiation: Essential Strategies and Skills. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Michigan. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand the negotiation strategies and skills necessary for success.,Understand the negotiation strategies and skills necessary for success.,Use a negotiation analysis to prepare for negotiations.,Use a negotiation analysis to prepare for negotiations.,Key psychological tools to achieve success.,Key psychological tools to achieve success.,Practice negotiations to find out what you do well and how you can improve. ,Practice negotiations to find out what you do well and how you can improve. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Contract Management, Negotiation, Communication, Decision Making, Strategy
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/negotiation-skills this url.Course name is Data Engineering, Big Data, and Machine Learning on GCP. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google Cloud. The course instructor is Google Cloud Training. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Tensorflow,Bigquery,Google Cloud Platform,Cloud Computing,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Google Cloud Platform, Cloud Computing, Cloud Platforms, Big Data, Applied Machine Learning, Human Learning, Machine Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Machine Learning Software, Algorithms, Data Analysis, Data Management, Apache, Feature Engineering, SQL, Cloud Storage, Python Programming, Data Warehousing, Statistical Programming, Tensorflow
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/gcp-data-machine-learning this url.Course name is Fintech: Foundations & Applications of Financial Technology. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Christopher Geczy. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Explain crypto-currency and blockchain in financial contexts,Explain crypto-currency and blockchain in financial contexts,Evaluate investment products using Modern Portfolio Theory,Evaluate investment products using Modern Portfolio Theory,Identify the regulatory concerns presented by the most common financial technologies,Identify the regulatory concerns presented by the most common financial technologies,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  FinTech, Finance, BlockChain, Innovation, Investment Management, Financial Management, Financial Analysis, Risk Management, General Statistics, Payments, Algorithms, Behavioral Economics, Data Analysis, Entrepreneurial Finance, Market Research, Cryptography, Human Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Machine Learning Software, Securities Trading, System Security, Applied Machine Learning, Machine Learning, Product Strategy, Business Transformation, Systems Design
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/wharton-fintech this url.Course name is Excel Basics for Data Analysis. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Sandip Saha Joy. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Display working knowledge of Excel for Data Analysis.,Display working knowledge of Excel for Data Analysis.,Perform basic spreadsheet tasks including navigation, data entry, and using formulas.,Perform basic spreadsheet tasks including navigation, data entry, and using formulas.,Employ data quality techniques to import and clean data in Excel.,Employ data quality techniques to import and clean data in Excel.,Analyze data in spreadsheets by using filter, sort, look-up functions, as well as pivot tables.,Analyze data in spreadsheets by using filter, sort, look-up functions, as well as pivot tables.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Microsoft Excel, Spreadsheet Software, Data Analysis, Data Science
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/excel-basics-data-analysis-ibm this url.Course name is Mathematics for Machine Learning. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Imperial College London. The course instructor is David Dye. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Eigenvalues And Eigenvectors,Principal Component Analysis (PCA),Multivariable Calculus,Linear Algebra,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Algebra, Linear Algebra, Mathematics, Machine Learning, Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Computer Programming, Python Programming, Machine Learning Algorithms, Calculus, Computational Logic, Algorithms, Differential Equations, Applied Mathematics, Problem Solving, Statistical Analysis, Dimensionality Reduction, Computer Programming Tools, Regression
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/mathematics-machine-learning this url.Course name is Tools for Data Science. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Aije Egwaikhide. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describe the Data Scientist’s tool kit which includes: Libraries & Packages, Data sets, Machine learning models, and Big Data tools   ,Describe the Data Scientist’s tool kit which includes: Libraries & Packages, Data sets, Machine learning models, and Big Data tools   ,Utilize languages commonly used by data scientists like Python, R, and SQL   ,Utilize languages commonly used by data scientists like Python, R, and SQL   ,Demonstrate working knowledge of tools such as Jupyter notebooks and RStudio and utilize their various features    ,Demonstrate working knowledge of tools such as Jupyter notebooks and RStudio and utilize their various features    ,Create and manage source code for data science using Git repositories and GitHub.   ,Create and manage source code for data science using Git repositories and GitHub.   ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Science, R Programming, Cloud Computing, Computer Programming, IBM Cloud, Python Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/open-source-tools-for-data-science this url.Course name is Achieving Personal and Professional Success. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Richard Shell. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 goal setting,Communication,Negotiation,Deception,Happiness,Personality Development,Personal Development,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, Critical Thinking, Human Learning, People Analysis, Professional Development, Leadership Development, Leadership and Management, Decision Making, Emotional Intelligence, People Development, Adaptability, Negotiation, Influencing, Innovation
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/wharton-success this url.Course name is Data Analysis with R Programming. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describe the R programming language and its programming environment.,Describe the R programming language and its programming environment.,Explain the fundamental concepts associated with programming in R including functions, variables, data types, pipes, and vectors.,Explain the fundamental concepts associated with programming in R including functions, variables, data types, pipes, and vectors.,Describe the options for generating visualizations in R.,Describe the options for generating visualizations in R.,Demonstrate an understanding of the basic formatting in R Markdown to create structure and emphasize content.,Demonstrate an understanding of the basic formatting in R Markdown to create structure and emphasize content.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  R Programming, Data Analysis, Computer Programming, Data Visualization, SQL
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/data-analysis-r this url.Course name is Foundations of Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IESE Business School. The course instructor is Marc Badia. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Accounting,Leadership,Finance,Marketing,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Accounting, Financial Accounting, Communication, Customer Analysis, Design and Product, Human Resources, Market Analysis, Marketing, Strategy and Operations, Finance, Financial Management, Leadership Development, Marketing Design, Product Marketing, Strategy, Employee Relations, Management Accounting, People Development, People Management, Business Psychology, Collaboration, Culture, Financial Analysis
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/foundations-management this url.Course name is Cybersécurité Google. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Systèmes de détection d'intrusion (IDS),SQL,Linux,Programmation Python,Outils de gestion des informations et des événements de sécurité (SIEM),
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cloud Computing, Linux, Python Programming, SQL
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/cybersecurite-google this url.Course name is Strategic Leadership and Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. The course instructor is Jeff Flesher. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Strategic Management,Negotiation,Leadership,Business Strategy,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Strategy and Operations, Strategy, Leadership Development, Decision Making, Entrepreneurship, Organizational Development, Business Analysis, Business Process Management, Change Management, Business Design, Business Development, Business Transformation, Communication, Culture, Performance Management, Problem Solving, Operations Management, People Management, Human Resources, Marketing, Operational Analysis, Sales, Conflict Management, Influencing, Negotiation, Business Intelligence, Business Psychology, Planning, Systems Design, Research and Design
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/strategic-leadership this url.Course name is TESOL Certificate, Part 2: Teach English Now!. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Arizona State University. The course instructor is Dr. Shane Dixon. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Teaching,English Language,Lesson Plan,Speech,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Writing, Human Learning, Planning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/tesol-certificate-2 this url.Course name is Entrepreneurship: Growing Your Business. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Virginia. The course instructor is Alex Cowan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Four ways to grow your business: scale and CVP, innovating, outsourcing and strategic acquisitions,Four ways to grow your business: scale and CVP, innovating, outsourcing and strategic acquisitions,,,How to use journal entries to record transactions and prepare and use t-accounts to summarize transactions recorded during an accounting period,How to use journal entries to record transactions and prepare and use t-accounts to summarize transactions recorded during an accounting period,,,A toolkit for voicing and enacting your values and principles,A toolkit for voicing and enacting your values and principles,,,How to apply innovation tools from the worlds of design thinking and Lean Startup to your business model design,How to apply innovation tools from the worlds of design thinking and Lean Startup to your business model design,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Strategy and Operations, Strategy, Critical Thinking, Leadership Development, Decision Making, Business Development, Entrepreneurship, Human Learning, Business Analysis, Communication, Finance, Account Management, Accounting, Accounts Payable and Receivable, Financial Accounting, Financial Analysis, General Accounting, Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), Organizational Development, Planning, Problem Solving, Business Transformation, Marketing, Sales, Business Design, Cost Accounting, Payments, Customer Success, Innovation
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/entrepreneurship-growing-your-business this url.Course name is Machine Learning with Python. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is SAEED AGHABOZORGI. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describe the various types of Machine Learning algorithms and when to use them  ,Describe the various types of Machine Learning algorithms and when to use them  ,Compare and contrast linear classification methods including multiclass prediction, support vector machines, and logistic regression  ,Compare and contrast linear classification methods including multiclass prediction, support vector machines, and logistic regression  ,Write Python code that implements various classification techniques including K-Nearest neighbors (KNN), decision trees, and regression trees ,Write Python code that implements various classification techniques including K-Nearest neighbors (KNN), decision trees, and regression trees ,Evaluate the results from simple linear, non-linear, and multiple regression on a data set using evaluation metrics   ,Evaluate the results from simple linear, non-linear, and multiple regression on a data set using evaluation metrics   ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Algorithms, Data Analysis, Human Learning, Python Programming, Regression
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning-with-python this url.Course name is Capstone: Applying Project Management in the Real World. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Complete a project charter, filling out key information including a project summary, SMART goals, scope, benefits, and costs.,Complete a project charter, filling out key information including a project summary, SMART goals, scope, benefits, and costs.,Examine project documentation and conduct research to identify tasks for a project and organize those project tasks and milestones in a project plan.,Examine project documentation and conduct research to identify tasks for a project and organize those project tasks and milestones in a project plan.,Determine quality standards and evaluate against those standards to ensure that the project is achieving the required level of quality.,Determine quality standards and evaluate against those standards to ensure that the project is achieving the required level of quality.,Develop effective stakeholder reports by applying storytelling strategies to describe data.,Develop effective stakeholder reports by applying storytelling strategies to describe data.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, Leadership and Management, Planning, Problem Solving, Project Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/applying-project-management this url.Course name is Leading People and Teams. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Michigan. The course instructor is Scott DeRue, Ph.D.. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Create and communicate your vision as a leader,Create and communicate your vision as a leader,Manage talent to improve employee performance, development and retention,Manage talent to improve employee performance, development and retention,Use the Michigan Model of Leadership to define organizational goals,Use the Michigan Model of Leadership to define organizational goals,Create a high-quality team charter that enhances team performance,Create a high-quality team charter that enhances team performance,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Human Resources, Leadership and Management, People Development, Strategy and Operations, Leadership Development, Talent Management, Business Psychology, People Analysis, Communication, People Management, Strategy, Human Learning, Human Resources Operations, Business Communication, Collaboration, Influencing, Performance Management, Problem Solving, Conflict Management, Business Analysis, Marketing, Recruitment
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/leading-teams this url.Course name is Generative AI: Introduction and Applications. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Rav Ahuja. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describe generative AI and distinguish it from discriminative AI.,Describe generative AI and distinguish it from discriminative AI.,Describe the capabilities of generative AI and its use cases in the real world.,Describe the capabilities of generative AI and its use cases in the real world.,Identify the applications of generative AI in different sectors and industries.,Identify the applications of generative AI in different sectors and industries.,Explore common generative AI models and tools for text, code, image, audio, and video generation.,Explore common generative AI models and tools for text, code, image, audio, and video generation.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Natural Language Processing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/generative-ai-introduction-and-applications this url.Course name is UCI Project Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California, Irvine. The course instructor is Peter Kim, PMP, MBA. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Schedule,Project,Program Management,Project Planning,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Strategy and Operations, Communication, Project Management, Planning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificate/applied-project-management this url.Course name is Project Launch. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California, Irvine. The course instructor is Hassan Kafshi. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Project Management,Scope (Project Management),Communication,Work Breakdown Structure,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Project Management, Communication
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/project-management this url.Course name is Assets, Threats, and Vulnerabilities. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Classify assets,Classify assets,Analyze an attack surface to find risks and vulnerabilities,Analyze an attack surface to find risks and vulnerabilities,Identify threats, such as social engineering, malware and web-based exploits,Identify threats, such as social engineering, malware and web-based exploits,Summarize the threat modeling process,Summarize the threat modeling process,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cryptography, Linux
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/assets-threats-and-vulnerabilities this url.Course name is Introduction to Healthcare. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Stanford University. The course instructor is Nigam Shah. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 The major challenges of the U.S.healthcare system,The major challenges of the U.S.healthcare system,Issues you may encounter in efforts to improve healthcare delivery and the healthcare system,Issues you may encounter in efforts to improve healthcare delivery and the healthcare system,Who the key stakeholders are in the U.S. healthcare system,Who the key stakeholders are in the U.S. healthcare system,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/intro-to-healthcare this url.Course name is Databases and SQL for Data Science with Python. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Rav Ahuja. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Analyze data within a database using SQL and Python.,Analyze data within a database using SQL and Python.,Create a relational database and work with multiple tables using DDL commands. ,Create a relational database and work with multiple tables using DDL commands. ,Construct basic to intermediate level SQL queries using DML commands. ,Construct basic to intermediate level SQL queries using DML commands. ,Compose more powerful queries with advanced SQL techniques like views, transactions, stored procedures, and joins. ,Compose more powerful queries with advanced SQL techniques like views, transactions, stored procedures, and joins. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Python Programming, Computer Programming, Data Analysis, Data Management, Database Application, Database Design, Databases, Professional Development, SQL, Cloud Computing, IBM Cloud
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/sql-data-science this url.Course name is Python 3 Programming. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Michigan. The course instructor is Steve Oney. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Learn Python 3 basics, from the basics to more advanced concepts like lists and functions.,Learn Python 3 basics, from the basics to more advanced concepts like lists and functions.,Practice and become skilled at solving problems and fixing errors in your code.,Practice and become skilled at solving problems and fixing errors in your code.,Gain the ability to write programs that fetch data from internet APIs and extract useful information.,Gain the ability to write programs that fetch data from internet APIs and extract useful information.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Python Programming, Computer Programming, Problem Solving
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/python-3-programming this url.Course name is TensorFlow: Advanced Techniques. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Laurence Moroney. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand the underlying basis of the Functional API and build exotic non-sequential model types, custom loss functions, and layers.,Understand the underlying basis of the Functional API and build exotic non-sequential model types, custom loss functions, and layers.,,,Learn optimization and how to use GradientTape & Autograph, optimize training in different environments with multiple processors and chip types.,Learn optimization and how to use GradientTape & Autograph, optimize training in different environments with multiple processors and chip types.,,,Practice object detection, image segmentation, and visual interpretation of convolutions.,Practice object detection, image segmentation, and visual interpretation of convolutions.,,,Explore generative deep learning, and how AIs can create new content, from Style Transfer through Auto Encoding and VAEs to GANs.,Explore generative deep learning, and how AIs can create new content, from Style Transfer through Auto Encoding and VAEs to GANs.,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Deep Learning, Machine Learning, Tensorflow, Artificial Neural Networks, Applied Machine Learning, Python Programming, Machine Learning Algorithms, Human Learning, Computer Vision, Computer Programming, Network Model, Machine Learning Software, Network Architecture, Training, Computer Graphic Techniques, Strategy
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/tensorflow-advanced-techniques this url.Course name is Financial Engineering and Risk Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Columbia University. The course instructor is Martin Haugh. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 1. Valuing options, swaps, forwards, futures, and other complex financial derivatives using stochastic models,1. Valuing options, swaps, forwards, futures, and other complex financial derivatives using stochastic models,,,,,2. Develop a systematic, data-driven approach to formulating modeled returns and risks for significant asset classes and optimal portfolios,2. Develop a systematic, data-driven approach to formulating modeled returns and risks for significant asset classes and optimal portfolios,,,3. Back test and implement trading models and signals in an active, live trading environment ,3. Back test and implement trading models and signals in an active, live trading environment ,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Finance, Risk Management, Probability & Statistics, Leadership and Management, Mathematics, Investment Management, Securities Sales, Securities Trading, Computer Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/financialengineering this url.Course name is Think like a CFO. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IESE Business School. The course instructor is Marc Badia. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Bonds,Corporate Finance,Dividend Policy,Market Efficiency,Stocks,Dupont Analysis,Management Accounting,Business Analysis,Finance,Financial Accounting,Accounting,Financial Statement,Balance Sheet,Financial Risk,Evaluation,Investment,View all skills,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Finance, Financial Accounting, Accounting, Investment Management, Financial Management, Financial Analysis, Leadership and Management, Risk Management, Business Analysis, Market Analysis, Management Accounting
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/thinklikeacfo this url.Course name is Human Resource Management: HR for People Managers. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Minnesota. The course instructor is John W. Budd. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understanding alternative approaches to managing human resources and appreciating the diversity of factors that motivate workers,Understanding alternative approaches to managing human resources and appreciating the diversity of factors that motivate workers,Applying best practices for hiring and rewarding employees, and for managing employee performance,Applying best practices for hiring and rewarding employees, and for managing employee performance,Avoiding key mistakes in (mis)managing human resources,Avoiding key mistakes in (mis)managing human resources,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Human Resources, Human Resources Operations, Employee Relations, Strategy and Operations, People Management, Leadership and Management, Communication, Strategy, Compensation, People Development, Performance Management, Organizational Development, Planning, Professional Development, Recruitment, Business Psychology, People Analysis, Training, Benefits, Business Analysis, Culture
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/human-resource-management this url.Course name is Meta Marketing Analytics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Meta. The course instructor is Brandon Larkin. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Collect, sort, evaluate, and visualize marketing data,Collect, sort, evaluate, and visualize marketing data,Summarize and analyze data using marketing analytics methods,Summarize and analyze data using marketing analytics methods,Design experiments and test hypotheses to evaluate advertising effectiveness,Design experiments and test hypotheses to evaluate advertising effectiveness,Use Meta Ads Manager to run tests, learn what works, and optimize ad performance ,Use Meta Ads Manager to run tests, learn what works, and optimize ad performance ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Marketing, Digital Marketing, Advertising, Data Analysis, Marketing Management, Media Strategy & Planning, Business Analysis, Statistical Analysis, Probability & Statistics, Market Analysis, Communication, General Statistics, Experiment, Regression, Statistical Tests, Market Research, Basic Descriptive Statistics, Probability Distribution, Brand Management, Forecasting, Research and Design, Data Visualization, Computer Programming, Data Management, Databases, Python Programming, SQL, Statistical Programming, Storytelling, Tableau Software
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/facebook-marketing-analytics this url.Course name is AI for Good. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Robert Monarch. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Master a step-by-step framework for the development of AI projects.,Master a step-by-step framework for the development of AI projects.,Explore real-world case studies related to public health, climate change, and disaster management.,Explore real-world case studies related to public health, climate change, and disaster management.,Analyze data and build AI models for projects focused on air quality, wind energy, biodiversity monitoring, and disaster management.,Analyze data and build AI models for projects focused on air quality, wind energy, biodiversity monitoring, and disaster management.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Artificial Neural Networks, Computer Vision, Exploratory Data Analysis, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Python Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/ai-for-good this url.Course name is HTML, CSS, and Javascript for Web Developers. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Johns Hopkins University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 HTML,JavaScript,Css Frameworks,Cascading Style Sheets (CSS),
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Front-End Web Development, HTML and CSS, Javascript, Web Development
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/html-css-javascript-for-web-developers this url.Course name is Share Data Through the Art of Visualization. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describe the use of data visualizations to talk about data and the results of data analysis.,Describe the use of data visualizations to talk about data and the results of data analysis.,Identify Tableau as a data visualization tool and understand its uses.,Identify Tableau as a data visualization tool and understand its uses.,Explain what data driven stories are including reference to their importance and their attributes.,Explain what data driven stories are including reference to their importance and their attributes.,Explain principles and practices associated with effective presentations.,Explain principles and practices associated with effective presentations.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Communication, Data Analysis, Data Visualization, Data Visualization Software, Tableau Software
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/visualize-data this url.Course name is Risk Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the New York Institute of Finance. The course instructor is Jack Farmer. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand the concepts and principles of credit risk management and the steps to manage portfolio credit risks. ,Understand the concepts and principles of credit risk management and the steps to manage portfolio credit risks. ,Use statistical models to measure risk associated with different types of investments. ,Use statistical models to measure risk associated with different types of investments. ,How to build an operational risk assessment program.,How to build an operational risk assessment program.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Risk Management, Finance, Probability & Statistics, Strategy, Financial Analysis, Strategy and Operations, Operations Management, Statistical Tests, Business Analysis, Business Process Management, Operational Analysis, Market Analysis, Financial Management, Statistical Analysis, Regulations and Compliance, Banking, General Statistics, Operating Systems, Operations Research, Critical Thinking, Probability Distribution, Market Research
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/risk-management this url.Course name is Google Project Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Une compréhension des pratiques et des compétences nécessaires pour réussir dans un poste de gestionnaire de projet junior.,Une compréhension des pratiques et des compétences nécessaires pour réussir dans un poste de gestionnaire de projet junior.,Vous apprendrez à créer une documentation de projet et des procédés efficaces tout au long des différentes phases d’un projet.,Vous apprendrez à créer une documentation de projet et des procédés efficaces tout au long des différentes phases d’un projet.,Vous apprendrez les bases de la gestion de projet Agile y compris Scrum.,Vous apprendrez les bases de la gestion de projet Agile y compris Scrum.,Vous pratiquerez la communication stratégique, la résolution de problèmes et la gestion des partenaires dans le cadre de scénarios concrets.,Vous pratiquerez la communication stratégique, la résolution de problèmes et la gestion des partenaires dans le cadre de scénarios concrets.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Planning, Communication, Strategy, Strategy and Operations, Business Analysis, Business Development, Business Psychology, Collaboration, Decision Making, Design and Product, Data Analysis, Entrepreneurship, Business Communication, Conflict Management, Emotional Intelligence, People Management, Compensation, Critical Thinking, Network Security, Adaptability, Organizational Development, Project Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/gestion-de-projet-google this url.Course name is From Likes to Leads: Interact with Customers Online. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Define social media marketing and describe its purpose,Define social media marketing and describe its purpose,Identify core pillars of social media marketing: strategy, planning and publishing, listening and engagement, analytics and reporting, advertising,Identify core pillars of social media marketing: strategy, planning and publishing, listening and engagement, analytics and reporting, advertising,Define the goals of a social media campaign,Define the goals of a social media campaign,Write, design, and repurpose engaging content for social media,Write, design, and repurpose engaging content for social media,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Digital Marketing, Marketing, Marketing Management, Media Strategy & Planning, Social Media, Advertising, Data Analysis, Strategy
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/from-likes-to-leads this url.Course name is Accelerated Computer Science Fundamentals. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. The course instructor is Wade Fagen-Ulmschneider. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Design and implement an object-oriented program in the C++ language, including defining classes that encapsulate data structures and algorithms.,Design and implement an object-oriented program in the C++ language, including defining classes that encapsulate data structures and algorithms.,Select and implement appropriate data structures that best utilize resources to solve a computational problem.,Select and implement appropriate data structures that best utilize resources to solve a computational problem.,Analyze the running time and space needs of an algorithm, asymptotically to ensure it is appropriate at scale, including for big data.,Analyze the running time and space needs of an algorithm, asymptotically to ensure it is appropriate at scale, including for big data.,Prepare for advanced courses in CS with the foundational knowledge of object data structures needed to implement and call advanced library functions.,Prepare for advanced courses in CS with the foundational knowledge of object data structures needed to implement and call advanced library functions.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, C Programming Language Family, Data Structures, Algorithms, C++ Programming, Theoretical Computer Science, Programming Principles, Computational Thinking, Problem Solving, Computer Programming Tools, Critical Thinking, Computational Logic, Graph Theory
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/cs-fundamentals this url.Course name is AI Fundamentals for Non-Data Scientists. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Kartik Hosanagar. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Artificial Neural Networks, Data Analysis, Deep Learning, Human Learning, Big Data
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/wharton-ai-fundamentals-non-data-scientists this url.Course name is Preparation for CompTIA A+ Certification. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is IBM Skills Network Team. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describe and troubleshoot laptop, mobile device, video, resolution, networking, storage, motherboard, CPU, BIOS, and power supply issues.,Describe and troubleshoot laptop, mobile device, video, resolution, networking, storage, motherboard, CPU, BIOS, and power supply issues.,Troubleshoot various printer types and settings, and list common features and commands across operating systems.,Troubleshoot various printer types and settings, and list common features and commands across operating systems.,Explain the advantages of using Active Directory, Microsoft Windows security tools, data destruction for mobile device security.,Explain the advantages of using Active Directory, Microsoft Windows security tools, data destruction for mobile device security.,Demonstrate mastery of CompTIA A+ Core 1 and Core 2 domains by completing mock certification exams.,Demonstrate mastery of CompTIA A+ Core 1 and Core 2 domains by completing mock certification exams.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Linux, Networking Hardware, Operating Systems
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/preparation-comptia-certification this url.Course name is Preparing  Data for Analysis with Microsoft Excel. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Microsoft. The course instructor is  Microsoft. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Data Analysis,Microsoft Excel,Preparing Data,power bi,formulas and functions,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, Microsoft Excel, Power BI
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/preparing-data-for-analysis-with-microsoft-excel this url.Course name is Stanford Introduction to Food and Health. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Stanford University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Health Informatics,Nutrition,Food Safety,Food Science,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/food-and-health this url.Course name is Foundations of Data Science. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand common careers and industries that use advanced data analytics,Understand common careers and industries that use advanced data analytics,Investigate the impact data analysis can have on decision-making,Investigate the impact data analysis can have on decision-making,Explain how data professionals preserve data privacy and ethics ,Explain how data professionals preserve data privacy and ethics ,Develop a project plan considering roles and responsibilities of team members,Develop a project plan considering roles and responsibilities of team members,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, Data Analysis, Planning, Project Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Advanced. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/foundations-of-data-science this url.Course name is Global Procurement and Sourcing. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Rutgers the State University of New Jersey. The course instructor is Don Klock . The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Why Procurement is important to the firm and it works within the firm,Why Procurement is important to the firm and it works within the firm,How to select and evaluate suppliers,How to select and evaluate suppliers,Learn how to analyze supply markets,Learn how to analyze supply markets,Iimprove your negotiation skills and thereby improve your outcomes,Iimprove your negotiation skills and thereby improve your outcomes,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Procurement, Customer Relationship Management, Leadership and Management, Negotiation, Supplier Relationship Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/procurement-sourcing this url.Course name is Artificial Intelligence in Marketing. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Virginia. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to use data-driven AI to improve customer engagement,How to use data-driven AI to improve customer engagement,How to develop networked business models and leverage network effects,How to develop networked business models and leverage network effects,How to build a sustainable competitive advantage from data gathered on digital platforms,How to build a sustainable competitive advantage from data gathered on digital platforms,How to use algorithms, networks, and data to create AI Relationship Moments that are personalized to individual customers,How to use algorithms, networks, and data to create AI Relationship Moments that are personalized to individual customers,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Digital Marketing, Marketing, Algorithms, Customer Relationship Management, Market Analysis, Strategy, Machine Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Machine Learning Software, Marketing Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/uva-darden-artificial-intelligence-marketing this url.Course name is Unilever Supply Chain Data Analyst. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Unilever. The course instructor is Unilever Team. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Data Analysis,Problem Solving,Introduction to SQL,Presentation Layer,Data Visualization,Supply Chain Risk Mitigation,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, Data Visualization, Leadership and Management, Problem Solving, Risk Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/unilever-supply-chain-data-analyst this url.Course name is System Administration and IT Infrastructure Services. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Directory Service,Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP),Backup,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cloud Computing, Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/system-administration-it-infrastructure-services this url.Course name is Introduction to Machine Learning in Production. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Andrew Ng. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Identify the key components of the ML lifecycle and pipeline and compare the ML modeling iterative cycle with the ML product deployment cycle.,Identify the key components of the ML lifecycle and pipeline and compare the ML modeling iterative cycle with the ML product deployment cycle.,,,Understand how performance on a small set of disproportionately important examples may be more crucial than performance on the majority of examples.,Understand how performance on a small set of disproportionately important examples may be more crucial than performance on the majority of examples.,,,Solve problems for structured, unstructured, small, and big data. Understand why label consistency is essential and how you can improve it.,Solve problems for structured, unstructured, small, and big data. Understand why label consistency is essential and how you can improve it.,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Applied Machine Learning, Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Advanced. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-to-machine-learning-in-production this url.Course name is Private Equity and Venture Capital. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Università Bocconi. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Valuation (Finance),Venture Capital,Venture Capital Financing,Private Equity,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Analysis, Entrepreneurial Finance, Finance, Financial Management, Investment Management, Mergers & Acquisitions, Entrepreneurship, Decision Making, Leadership and Management, Risk Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/private-equity this url.Course name is Management of Fashion and Luxury Companies. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Università Bocconi. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Strategic Management,Business Model,Luxury Goods,Brand Management,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Brand Management, Leadership and Management, Marketing, Retail Sales, Strategy, Business Analysis, Communication, Market Analysis, Media Strategy & Planning, Product Design, Product Development
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/mafash this url.Course name is Geographic Information Systems  (GIS). This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California, Davis. The course instructor is Nick Santos. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Create and work with raster data.,Create and work with raster data.,Develop and analyze data for the geospatial analysis project.,Develop and analyze data for the geospatial analysis project.,Develop a large processing workflow in ModelBuilder.,Develop a large processing workflow in ModelBuilder.,Interpret and explain the results you obtained in comparison to your original GIS question and/or hypothesis.,Interpret and explain the results you obtained in comparison to your original GIS question and/or hypothesis.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  ArcGIS, Data Analysis, Data Visualization, GIS Software, Spatial Analysis, Spatial Data Analysis, Data Visualization Software, Databases, Geovisualization, Interactive Data Visualization, Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/gis this url.Course name is Agile Development. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Virginia. The course instructor is Alex Cowan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to determine what's valuable to a user early by focusing your team on testable narratives and creating a strong shared perspective  ,How to determine what's valuable to a user early by focusing your team on testable narratives and creating a strong shared perspective  ,How to drive a focus on outcomes over outputs by facilitating a culture of experimentation and a test-driven, results-driven approach to agile,How to drive a focus on outcomes over outputs by facilitating a culture of experimentation and a test-driven, results-driven approach to agile,How to charter and focus an analytics (and data science) program that enhances your core objectives,How to charter and focus an analytics (and data science) program that enhances your core objectives,How to iteratively identify and test the right agile practices from leading frameworks like scrum, XP, and kanban to your team's work,How to iteratively identify and test the right agile practices from leading frameworks like scrum, XP, and kanban to your team's work,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Agile Software Development, Design and Product, Leadership and Management, Product Management, Software Engineering, Product Development, Project Management, User Experience, Customer Analysis, Product Design, Research and Design, Data Analysis, Experiment, Business Analysis, Communication, Continuous Delivery
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/agile-development this url.Course name is Convolutional Neural Networks. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Andrew Ng. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Facial Recognition System,Tensorflow,Convolutional Neural Network,Deep Learning,Object Detection and Segmentation,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Artificial Neural Networks, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Applied Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Machine Learning Software, Machine Learning Algorithms, Network Model, Tensorflow, Network Architecture, Human Learning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/convolutional-neural-networks this url.Course name is Build Wireframes and Low-Fidelity Prototypes. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Create storyboards to come up with ideas about solutions to user needs.,Create storyboards to come up with ideas about solutions to user needs.,Create wireframes on paper and digitally in the design tool Figma.,Create wireframes on paper and digitally in the design tool Figma.,Build paper prototypes to create interactive designs.,Build paper prototypes to create interactive designs.,Design low-fidelity prototypes in Figma. ,Design low-fidelity prototypes in Figma. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Product Design, User Experience, User Research
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/wireframes-low-fidelity-prototypes this url.Course name is Introduction to Social Media Marketing. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Meta. The course instructor is Anke Audenaert. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand the landscape of traditional, digital, and social media marketing,Understand the landscape of traditional, digital, and social media marketing,Understand the major social media platforms, how they function, and what role they play in marketing,Understand the major social media platforms, how they function, and what role they play in marketing,Create SMART goals, identify KPIs, and define your target audience and their customer journey,Create SMART goals, identify KPIs, and define your target audience and their customer journey,Choose the right social media platforms and learn how to create social media policies,Choose the right social media platforms and learn how to create social media policies,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, Marketing, Digital Marketing, Social Media, Media Strategy & Planning, Advertising, Entrepreneurship, Marketing Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/social-media-marketing-introduction this url.Course name is Mergers and Acquisitions. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. The course instructor is Oktay Urcan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Financial Accounting,Financial Modeling,Mergers And Acquisitions (M&A),Corporate Investments,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Mergers & Acquisitions, Finance, Accounting, Financial Analysis, Financial Accounting, Banking, Business Analysis, Investment Management, Financial Management, Data Analysis, Market Analysis, Corporate Accouting, Taxes
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/mergersandacquisitions this url.Course name is Drug Development Product Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California San Diego. The course instructor is Joseph D. Ma. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Drug Discovery,Marketing,Drug Regulations,Clinical Trials,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Strategy, Marketing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/drug-development-product-management this url.Course name is Introduction to Cloud Computing. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Rav Ahuja. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Define cloud computing and explain essential characteristics, history, the business case for cloud, and the emerging technologies enabled by cloud,Define cloud computing and explain essential characteristics, history, the business case for cloud, and the emerging technologies enabled by cloud,Describe the cloud service models- IaaS, PaaS, SaaS, and cloud deployment models- Public, Private, Hybrid; explain cloud infrastructure components,Describe the cloud service models- IaaS, PaaS, SaaS, and cloud deployment models- Public, Private, Hybrid; explain cloud infrastructure components,Explain emerging Cloud related trends including HybridMulticloud, Microservices, Serverless, Cloud Native, DevOps, and Application Modernization,Explain emerging Cloud related trends including HybridMulticloud, Microservices, Serverless, Cloud Native, DevOps, and Application Modernization,List and describe services of popular cloud platforms including AWS, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud, IBM Cloud, Alibaba Cloud, and others,List and describe services of popular cloud platforms including AWS, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud, IBM Cloud, Alibaba Cloud, and others,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cloud Computing, Cloud Applications, Cloud Infrastructure, Cloud Platforms, Cloud Storage, DevOps, IBM Cloud
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-to-cloud this url.Course name is Principles of Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Johns Hopkins University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Effectively manage teams,Effectively manage teams,Facilitate constructive conflict & coach employees for success,Facilitate constructive conflict & coach employees for success,Focus team's work on meeting strategic & project objectives,Focus team's work on meeting strategic & project objectives,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Planning, Strategy, Critical Thinking, Operations Management, People Management, Strategy and Operations, Business Communication, Business Intelligence, Performance Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/principles-of-management this url.Course name is Career Success. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California, Irvine. The course instructor is David Standen, MBA. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Apply management principles and problem-solving skills,Apply management principles and problem-solving skills,Communicate with co-workers and produce clear and concise writing,Communicate with co-workers and produce clear and concise writing,Manage your time and plan projects effectively,Manage your time and plan projects effectively,Understand finance and use winning negotiation strategies,Understand finance and use winning negotiation strategies,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Professional Development, Strategy and Operations, Business Communication, Adaptability, Business Analysis, Communication, Decision Making, Project Management, People Management, Critical Thinking, Collaboration, Customer Relationship Management, Strategy, Planning, Business Development, Problem Solving, Accounting, Change Management, Conflict Management, Financial Accounting, Organizational Development, Entrepreneurship, People Development, Business Research, Cost Accounting, Finance, Financial Management, General Accounting, Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), Negotiation, Employee Relations, Financial Analysis, Writing, Benefits, Entrepreneurial Finance, Marketing, Scrum (Software Development), Estimation
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/career-success this url.Course name is Clinical Trials: Good Clinical Practice. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Novartis. The course instructor is Novartis Learning. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
  Explore the clinical trial process and the details of Good Clinical Practice principles. , Explore the clinical trial process and the details of Good Clinical Practice principles. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/clinical-trials-good-clinical-practice this url.Course name is Generative AI: Prompt Engineering Basics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Antonio Cangiano. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Explain the concept and relevance of prompt engineering in generative AI models.,Explain the concept and relevance of prompt engineering in generative AI models.,Apply best practices for creating prompts and explore examples of impactful prompts.,Apply best practices for creating prompts and explore examples of impactful prompts.,Practice common prompt engineering techniques and approaches for writing effective prompts.,Practice common prompt engineering techniques and approaches for writing effective prompts.,Explore commonly used tools for prompt engineering to aid with prompt engineering. ,Explore commonly used tools for prompt engineering to aid with prompt engineering. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Artificial Neural Networks
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/generative-ai-prompt-engineering-for-everyone this url.Course name is Data Analysis with Python. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Joseph Santarcangelo. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Develop Python code for cleaning and preparing data for analysis - including handling missing values, formatting, normalizing, and binning data,Develop Python code for cleaning and preparing data for analysis - including handling missing values, formatting, normalizing, and binning data,Perform exploratory data analysis and apply analytical techniques to real-word datasets using libraries such as Pandas, Numpy and Scipy,Perform exploratory data analysis and apply analytical techniques to real-word datasets using libraries such as Pandas, Numpy and Scipy,Manipulate data using dataframes, summarize data, understand data distribution, perform correlation and create data pipelines,Manipulate data using dataframes, summarize data, understand data distribution, perform correlation and create data pipelines,Build and evaluate regression models using machine learning scikit-learn library and use them for prediction and decision making,Build and evaluate regression models using machine learning scikit-learn library and use them for prediction and decision making,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, Data Analysis, Data Visualization, Exploratory Data Analysis, General Statistics, Machine Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Plot (Graphics), Probability & Statistics, Python Programming, Regression
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/data-analysis-with-python this url.Course name is Sequence Models. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Andrew Ng. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Gated Recurrent Unit (GRU),Recurrent Neural Network,Natural Language Processing,Long Short Term Memory (LSTM),Attention Models,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Artificial Neural Networks, Deep Learning, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning Algorithms, Applied Machine Learning, Python Programming, Human Learning, Machine Learning Software, Linear Algebra
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/nlp-sequence-models this url.Course name is Project Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Colorado Boulder. The course instructor is Christy Bozic, PhD, PMP. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 By completing this specialization, you will develop familiarity with the concepts, tools, and techniques used in project management.,By completing this specialization, you will develop familiarity with the concepts, tools, and techniques used in project management.,You will be able to describe the role of the project manager and the different phases of the project life cycle.,You will be able to describe the role of the project manager and the different phases of the project life cycle.,You will also be able to distinguish different project management methodologies and determine which is best for a particular project.,You will also be able to distinguish different project management methodologies and determine which is best for a particular project.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Project Management, Planning, Strategy and Operations, Product Management, Agile Software Development, People Management, Strategy, Scrum (Software Development), Performance Management, Risk Management, Business Process Management, Business Communication, Decision Making, Adaptability, Organizational Development, Product Development, Data Analysis, Estimation, Budget Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/meem-project-management this url.Course name is Foundations of Business Intelligence. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand common careers and industries that use BI,Understand common careers and industries that use BI,Investigate the impact data can have on business decision-making,Investigate the impact data can have on business decision-making,Explain the important role that BI professionals have in businesses,Explain the important role that BI professionals have in businesses,Develop a BI project plan ,Develop a BI project plan ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Intelligence, Data Analysis, Leadership and Management, Strategy
. The level of difficulty for this course is Advanced. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/foundations-of-business-intelligence this url.Course name is The Business of Health Care. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Christian Terwiesch. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Insurance,Health Economics,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Finance, Decision Making, Performance Management, Strategy and Operations, Operations Management, Business Analysis, Financial Analysis, Financial Management, Business Psychology, Accounting, Accounts Payable and Receivable, Financial Accounting, General Accounting, Management Accounting, People Management, Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), People Analysis, Strategy, Business Process Management, Innovation, Leadership Development, Payments, Behavioral Economics, Problem Solving, Compensation, Correlation And Dependence, Insurance Sales, Research and Design, Risk Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/healthcare-administration-management this url.Course name is Clinical Trials Operations. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Johns Hopkins University. The course instructor is David M. Shade, JD. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Design and implement clinical trials,Design and implement clinical trials,Collect, manage, and analyze data,Collect, manage, and analyze data,Conduct trial monitoring and quality assurance,Conduct trial monitoring and quality assurance,Recruit and retain clinical trial particpants,Recruit and retain clinical trial particpants,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Data Management, Clinical Data Management, Operations Management, Communication, Data Analysis, Recruitment, Statistical Analysis
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/clinical-trials-operations this url.Course name is Modern and Contemporary Art and Design. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the The Museum of Modern Art. The course instructor is Sarah Meister. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Develop a deeper understanding of artists’ and designers’ processes, including modes of experimentation and responses to technological innovation.,Develop a deeper understanding of artists’ and designers’ processes, including modes of experimentation and responses to technological innovation.,Develop critical thinking and looking skills to understand how artists and designers respond to the social and cultural issues of their time.,Develop critical thinking and looking skills to understand how artists and designers respond to the social and cultural issues of their time.,Gain confidence in looking at and talking about modern and contemporary art and design, and find inspiration from art all around you.,Gain confidence in looking at and talking about modern and contemporary art and design, and find inspiration from art all around you.,Better comprehend the choices you make about fashion with respect to expression, identity, and issues such as labor practices and sustainability.,Better comprehend the choices you make about fashion with respect to expression, identity, and issues such as labor practices and sustainability.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Design and Product, Critical Thinking, Creativity
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/modern-contemporary-art-design this url.Course name is Soporte de Tecnologías de la Información de Google. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Onlea support. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Código binario,Soporte al cliente,Linux,Solución de problemas,Powershell,Interfaz de comandos,Sistemas de archivos de Linux,Ciberseguridad,Criptografía,Seguridad inalámbrica,Seguridad de la red,Servicio de directorio,Protocolo ligero de acceso a directorios,Respaldo,Ipv4,Sistema de nombres de dominio,Modelo de red,View all skills,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, Computer Networking, Computer Architecture, Operating Systems, Network Security, Networking Hardware, Security Engineering, Network Architecture, Software Security, Human Computer Interaction, Security Software, Software-Defined Networking, System Software, Theoretical Computer Science, Cloud Computing, Data Management, Computational Logic, Network Model, Customer Support, System Security, Security Strategy, Cryptography, Problem Solving, Programming Principles, Adaptability, Linux
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/soporte-de-tecnologias-de-informacion-google this url.Course name is Cybersecurity Fundamentals. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is IBM Skills Network Team. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Identify common security threats and risks; explain characteristics of cyberattacks and best practices to guard against them,Identify common security threats and risks; explain characteristics of cyberattacks and best practices to guard against them,Discuss cybersecurity fundamentals, including topics like the five security principles, CIA triad, IAM, endpoint security, and security domains,Discuss cybersecurity fundamentals, including topics like the five security principles, CIA triad, IAM, endpoint security, and security domains,Explain how organizations respond to, recover from, and continue to operate during unplanned disruptions,Explain how organizations respond to, recover from, and continue to operate during unplanned disruptions,Explain cybersecurity roles, including their key responsibilities, daily tasks, career path, relevant certifications, and salary ranges,Explain cybersecurity roles, including their key responsibilities, daily tasks, career path, relevant certifications, and salary ranges,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  System Security, Cyberattacks, Cryptography, Network Security, Security Engineering
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/cybersecurity-fundamentals this url.Course name is Google Data Analytics Capstone: Complete a Case Study. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Differentiate between a capstone project, case study, and a portfolio.,Differentiate between a capstone project, case study, and a portfolio.,Identify the key features and attributes of a completed case study.,Identify the key features and attributes of a completed case study.,Apply the practices and procedures associated with the data analysis process to a given set of data.,Apply the practices and procedures associated with the data analysis process to a given set of data.,Discuss the use of case studies/portfolios when communicating with recruiters and potential employers.,Discuss the use of case studies/portfolios when communicating with recruiters and potential employers.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Analysis, Computer Programming, Data Analysis, Data Visualization, Exploratory Data Analysis, R Programming, SQL, Spreadsheet Software, Statistical Programming, Tableau Software
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/google-data-analytics-capstone this url.Course name is Creative Writing. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Wesleyan University. The course instructor is Salvatore Scibona. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Short Story Writing,Fiction Writing,Creativity,Copy Editing,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Creativity, Human Learning, Storytelling, Writing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/creative-writing this url.Course name is Methods and Statistics in Social Sciences. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Amsterdam. The course instructor is Emiel van Loon. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Statistics,Statistical Inference,R Programming,Qualitative Research,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Probability & Statistics, Statistical Tests, General Statistics, Correlation And Dependence, Statistical Programming, Basic Descriptive Statistics, Statistical Analysis, Research and Design, Data Analysis, Regression, Adaptability, Computational Thinking, Critical Thinking, People Analysis, Theoretical Computer Science, Writing, Probability Distribution, Problem Solving, R Programming, Exploratory Data Analysis, Experiment, Computer Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/social-science this url.Course name is Generative AI for Executives and Business Leaders. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand the history and impact of generative AI for business,Understand the history and impact of generative AI for business,Learn about the importance of your data in relation to business AI,Learn about the importance of your data in relation to business AI,Know the importance of trust, transparency and governance,Know the importance of trust, transparency and governance,Apply generative AI to key use cases like customer service and application modernization,Apply generative AI to key use cases like customer service and application modernization,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/generative-ai-for-executives-business-leaders this url.Course name is Sound the Alarm: Detection and Response. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Identify the steps to contain, eradicate, and recover from an incident,Identify the steps to contain, eradicate, and recover from an incident,Analyze packets to interpret network communications,Analyze packets to interpret network communications,Understand basic syntax, components of signatures and logs in Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS) and Network Intrusion Detection Systems (NIDS) tools,Understand basic syntax, components of signatures and logs in Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS) and Network Intrusion Detection Systems (NIDS) tools,Perform queries in Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) tools to investigate an event,Perform queries in Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) tools to investigate an event,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Linux, Network Security, Computer Security Incident Management, Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/detection-and-response this url.Course name is Influencing: Storytelling, Change Management and Governance. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Macquarie University. The course instructor is Dr Andrew Heys. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Apply a range of communication strategies to a variety of contexts to build rapport, overcome resistance, and find acceptance,Apply a range of communication strategies to a variety of contexts to build rapport, overcome resistance, and find acceptance,Expand your knowledge of, and personal competence in, negotiation and conflict resolution,Expand your knowledge of, and personal competence in, negotiation and conflict resolution,Develop a creative and practical change capability: the discipline of influencing yourself and others to achieve a purpose,Develop a creative and practical change capability: the discipline of influencing yourself and others to achieve a purpose,Design risk governance structures to ensure that your organisation achieves its objectives, engaging all the relevant stakeholders,Design risk governance structures to ensure that your organisation achieves its objectives, engaging all the relevant stakeholders,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Communication, Business Psychology, Conflict Management, Strategy and Operations, Change Management, Influencing, Organizational Development, Risk Management, Marketing, Negotiation, Sales, Critical Thinking, Decision Making, Entrepreneurship, Human Resources, Probability & Statistics, Business Communication, Employee Relations, Business Process Management, Data Analysis, People Analysis, Storytelling
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/influencing-storytelling-change-management this url.Course name is IBM Mainframe Developer. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM . The course instructor is Jeff Bisti. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Mainframe,Enterprise Software,security,IBM Z,z/OS,Interfaces,Computer Programming,Command-Line Interface,Euler'S Totient Function,Intrinsic Function,Sorting,COBOL coding,Symbols,COBOL Structure,COBOL Divisions,Column Structure,Issue Tracking System,Scrum (Software Development),View all skills,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, Other Programming Languages, Software Engineering, Theoretical Computer Science, Computer Architecture
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/ibm-mainframe-developer this url.Course name is Microsoft Azure Fundamentals AZ-900 Exam Prep. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Microsoft. The course instructor is  Microsoft. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Application Design,Microsoft Azure,Cloud Computing,Cloud Governance Strategy,Test Preparation,Cloud Computing Security,Artificial Intelligence (AI),Internet Of Things (IOT),
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cloud Computing, Microsoft Azure, Cloud Management, Cloud Applications, Cloud Infrastructure, Cloud Platforms, Network Security, Cloud Engineering, Cloud Standards, DevOps, Leadership and Management, System Security, Cloud Storage, Machine Learning, Software As A Service, Cloud-Based Integration, Software Security, Computer Security Models, Data Management, Network Architecture, Security Software, Databases
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/microsoft-azure-fundamentals-az-900 this url.Course name is Structuring Machine Learning Projects. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Andrew Ng. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Decision-Making,Machine Learning,Deep Learning,Inductive Transfer,Multi-Task Learning,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Applied Machine Learning, Data Analysis, Deep Learning, Exploratory Data Analysis, Machine Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Organizational Development, Strategy, Artificial Neural Networks, Computer Vision, Human Learning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning-projects this url.Course name is MATLAB Programming for Engineers and Scientists. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Vanderbilt University. The course instructor is Jack Noble. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Computer programming in general and the MATLAB language in particular.,Computer programming in general and the MATLAB language in particular.,Advanced MATLAB features such as the App Designer, Live Scripts and Object-Oriented Programming.,Advanced MATLAB features such as the App Designer, Live Scripts and Object-Oriented Programming.,Program efficiency and an introduction to algorithm complexity.,Program efficiency and an introduction to algorithm complexity.,Image processing, data visualization and an introduction to machine learning.,Image processing, data visualization and an introduction to machine learning.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, Other Programming Languages, Matlab, Data Analysis, Algorithms, Theoretical Computer Science, Data Visualization, Mathematics, Plot (Graphics), Visualization (Computer Graphics), Computer Graphics, Statistical Machine Learning, Data Analysis Software, Problem Solving, Programming Principles
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/matlab-programming-engineers-scientists this url.Course name is Business Value and Project Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. The course instructor is Fataneh Taghaboni-Dutta, Ph.D., PMP, CSM, CSPO. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Financial Accounting,Project Management,Strategic Management,Project Execution,Organizational Structure,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Strategy and Operations, Account Management, Accounting, Finance, Financial Accounting, Financial Management, General Accounting, Project Management, Accounts Payable and Receivable, Business Process Management, Financial Analysis, Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), Management Accounting, Cost Accounting, Decision Making, Entrepreneurship, Organizational Development, Business Design, Change Management, Leadership Development, People Management, Planning, Strategy, Culture, Operations Management, Performance Management, Problem Solving, Systems Design, Business Psychology, Human Resources
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/business-value-project-management this url.Course name is Fundamentals of Quantitative Modeling. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Richard Waterman. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Modeling,Linear Regression,Probabilistic Models,Regression Analysis,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Analysis, Data Model, Finance, Forecasting, General Statistics, Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Probability & Statistics, Regression, Statistical Analysis, Mathematics
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/wharton-quantitative-modeling this url.Course name is Automate Cybersecurity Tasks with Python. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Explain how the Python programming language is used in cybersecurity,Explain how the Python programming language is used in cybersecurity,Create new, user-defined Python functions,Create new, user-defined Python functions,Use regular expressions to extract information from text,Use regular expressions to extract information from text,Practice debugging code,Practice debugging code,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Python Programming, Algorithms, Computer Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/automate-cybersecurity-tasks-with-python this url.Course name is Managing Emotions in Times of Uncertainty & Stress. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Yale University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Educate school staff in the science and impact of stress,Educate school staff in the science and impact of stress,Provide school staff with the opportunity to build and apply social and emotional skills and strategies,Provide school staff with the opportunity to build and apply social and emotional skills and strategies,Offer strategies for helping students to identify and manage their emotions,Offer strategies for helping students to identify and manage their emotions,Provide resources and ideas that are relevant during this time of heightened stress and uncertainty,Provide resources and ideas that are relevant during this time of heightened stress and uncertainty,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Emotional Intelligence
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/managing-emotions-uncertainty-stress this url.Course name is Python Project for Data Science. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Azim Hirjani. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Play the role of a Data Scientist / Data Analyst working on a real project.,Play the role of a Data Scientist / Data Analyst working on a real project.,Demonstrate your Skills in Python - the language of choice for Data Science and Data Analysis. ,Demonstrate your Skills in Python - the language of choice for Data Science and Data Analysis. ,Apply Python fundamentals, Python data structures, and working with data in Python.,Apply Python fundamentals, Python data structures, and working with data in Python.,Build a dashboard using Python and libraries like Pandas, Beautiful Soup and Plotly using Jupyter notebook.,Build a dashboard using Python and libraries like Pandas, Beautiful Soup and Plotly using Jupyter notebook.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Python Programming, Computer Programming, Data Analysis, Data Science
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/python-project-for-data-science this url.Course name is Self-Driving Cars. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Toronto. The course instructor is Steven Waslander. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand the detailed architecture and components of a self-driving car software stack,Understand the detailed architecture and components of a self-driving car software stack,Implement methods for static and dynamic object detection, localization and mapping, behaviour and maneuver planning, and vehicle control,Implement methods for static and dynamic object detection, localization and mapping, behaviour and maneuver planning, and vehicle control,Use realistic vehicle physics, complete sensor suite: camera, LIDAR, GPS/INS, wheel odometry, depth map, semantic segmentation, object bounding boxes,Use realistic vehicle physics, complete sensor suite: camera, LIDAR, GPS/INS, wheel odometry, depth map, semantic segmentation, object bounding boxes,Demonstrate skills in CARLA and build programs with Python,Demonstrate skills in CARLA and build programs with Python,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Algorithms, Machine Learning, Python Programming, Computer Programming, Mathematics, Theoretical Computer Science, Estimation, Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Probability & Statistics, Applied Machine Learning, Computer Vision, Software Engineering, Computer Programming Tools, Critical Thinking, Problem Solving, Strategy and Operations, Systems Design, General Statistics, Linear Algebra, Regression, Artificial Neural Networks, Planning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Advanced. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/self-driving-cars this url.Course name is Robotics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Vijay Kumar. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Motion Planning,Motion Planning,Matlab,Matlab,Estimation,Estimation,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Mathematics, Computer Vision, Linear Algebra, Problem Solving, Geometry, Algebra, Planning, Computer Graphics, Estimation, Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Computer Programming, Critical Thinking, Differential Equations, Visualization (Computer Graphics), Algorithms, Matlab, Software Visualization, Computer Graphic Techniques, Theoretical Computer Science, Graph Theory, Material Handling, Computational Thinking, Geovisualization
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.4. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/robotics this url.Course name is Brand Management: Aligning Business, Brand and Behaviour. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of London. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Corporate Branding,Brand Marketing,Brand Management,Brand Identity,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Brand Management, Leadership and Management, Marketing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/brand this url.Course name is Google Professional Workspace Administrator. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google Cloud. The course instructor is Google Cloud Training. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Account Management, Google Cloud Platform, Leadership and Management, Cloud Management, System Security, Cloud Applications, Cloud Platforms, Operations Management, Cloud Computing, Other Cloud Platforms and Tools, Database Administration, Organizational Development, Collaboration, Data Management, User Experience, Security Engineering, Security Strategy, Software Security, Software As A Service, Network Security, Security Software, Change Management, Google App Engine, Planning, Accounting
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/g-suite-administration this url.Course name is Applied Data Science with Python. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Michigan. The course instructor is Christopher Brooks. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Conduct an inferential statistical analysis,Conduct an inferential statistical analysis,Discern whether a data visualization is good or bad,Discern whether a data visualization is good or bad,Enhance a data analysis with applied machine learning,Enhance a data analysis with applied machine learning,Analyze the connectivity of a social network,Analyze the connectivity of a social network,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Python Programming, Data Analysis, Computer Programming, Machine Learning, Algorithms, Applied Machine Learning, Data Mining, Machine Learning Algorithms, Exploratory Data Analysis, Statistical Programming, Data Management, Extract, Transform, Load, Natural Language Processing, Statistical Machine Learning, Data Structures, Graph Theory, Network Analysis, Computer Programming Tools, Human Learning, Data Visualization, Network Model, Regression, Computer Networking, General Statistics, Network Architecture, Plot (Graphics), Visualization (Computer Graphics), Computer Graphics
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/data-science-python this url.Course name is Six Sigma Yellow Belt. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University System of Georgia. The course instructor is Gregory Wiles, PhD. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Project Management,Lean Six Sigma,Binomial Distribution,Six Sigma,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Process Analysis, Strategy and Operations, Leadership and Management, Data Analysis, Business Analysis, Business Process Management, Performance Management, Probability & Statistics, Operational Analysis, Organizational Development, Problem Solving, Project Management, General Statistics, Planning, Statistical Tests, Critical Thinking, Operations Management, Statistical Visualization, Correlation And Dependence, Customer Relationship Management, Collaboration, Entrepreneurship, Facility Management, People Development, Business Psychology, Communication
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/six-sigma-fundamentals this url.Course name is Financial Analysis - Skills for Success. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. The course instructor is Gies College of Business, University of Illinois. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Accounting,Strategic Management,Finance,Scenario Analysis,financial statement analysis,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Finance, Financial Accounting, Accounts Payable and Receivable, Accounting, General Accounting, Financial Analysis, Leadership and Management, Cost Accounting, Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), Account Management, Business Analysis, Financial Management, Risk Management, Operational Analysis, Data Analysis, Planning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/financial-analysis-skills-for-success this url.Course name is (ISC)² Systems Security Certified Practitioner (SSCP). This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the ISC2. The course instructor is (ISC)² Education & Training. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Risk Management,Access Control,Asset,Incident Detection and Response,Cloud Computing Security,Wireless Security,Security Software,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Security Engineering, System Security, Network Security, Software Security, Computer Security Incident Management, Leadership and Management, Security Software, Risk Management, Strategy and Operations, Algorithms, Cloud Computing, Cryptography, Cyberattacks, Operations Management, Security Strategy, Human Factors (Security), Software-Defined Networking, Cloud Applications, Process Analysis, Communication, Financial Accounting
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/sscp-training this url.Course name is Project Management & Other Tools for Career Development. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California, Irvine. The course instructor is Margaret  Meloni,  MBA, PMP. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Allocate project resources ,Allocate project resources ,Define a project’s scope,Define a project’s scope,Apply management principles and problem-solving skills,Apply management principles and problem-solving skills,Communicate with co-workers and produce clear and concise writing,Communicate with co-workers and produce clear and concise writing,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Project Management, Communication, Collaboration, Decision Making, Leadership and Management, Strategy and Operations, Business Communication, People Management, Problem Solving, Business Analysis, Conflict Management, Critical Thinking, Professional Development, Customer Relationship Management, Business Development, Negotiation, Writing, Planning, Business Research, Benefits, Employee Relations, Risk Management, Scrum (Software Development)
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/project-management-success this url.Course name is Anatomy. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Michigan. The course instructor is Kathleen Alsup. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand the major organ systems, their functions and relationships within the body.,Understand the major organ systems, their functions and relationships within the body.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Human Learning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/anatomy this url.Course name is Natural Language Processing with Classification and Vector Spaces. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Younes Bensouda Mourri. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Use logistic regression, naïve Bayes, and word vectors to implement sentiment analysis, complete analogies & translate words.,Use logistic regression, naïve Bayes, and word vectors to implement sentiment analysis, complete analogies & translate words.,,,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Probability & Statistics, Python Programming, Machine Learning Algorithms, General Statistics, Human Learning, Linear Algebra, Mathematics, Statistical Machine Learning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/classification-vector-spaces-in-nlp this url.Course name is Work Smarter with Microsoft Word. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Microsoft. The course instructor is  Microsoft. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to create and maintain professional-looking reports, multi-column newsletters, résumés, and business correspondence.,How to create and maintain professional-looking reports, multi-column newsletters, résumés, and business correspondence.,How to manage documents and document collaboration,How to manage documents and document collaboration,How to insert and format text and graphic elements,How to insert and format text and graphic elements,How to manage tables and lists,How to manage tables and lists,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Collaboration, Communication, Computer Graphics, Microsoft Excel, Visual Design, Research and Design, Writing, Interactive Data Visualization, Software Architecture, User Experience Design
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/microsoft-word-work-smarter this url.Course name is Introduction to Cosmetic Science and Ingredients. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Olay. The course instructor is Dr. Rolanda Wilkerson. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Gain an overview of the historical, cultural, and technological aspects of cosmetic product development,Gain an overview of the historical, cultural, and technological aspects of cosmetic product development,Delve into the fundamentals of cosmetic formulations,Delve into the fundamentals of cosmetic formulations,Analyze every step of developing cosmetic products,Analyze every step of developing cosmetic products,Explore the regulatory, safety, and quality control principles and practices in cosmetic manufacturing,Explore the regulatory, safety, and quality control principles and practices in cosmetic manufacturing,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.4. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/introduction-to-cosmetic-science this url.Course name is Intellectual Property Law. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is R. Polk Wagner. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Identify the types of intellectual property protection available under U.S. law,Identify the types of intellectual property protection available under U.S. law,Evaluate your options for protecting your creative innovations with copyright law,Evaluate your options for protecting your creative innovations with copyright law,Analyze and interpret a patent document for a competing product,Analyze and interpret a patent document for a competing product,Develop strategies for protecting and maximizing your brand with a comprehensive trademark strategy,Develop strategies for protecting and maximizing your brand with a comprehensive trademark strategy,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Critical Thinking, Strategy, Innovation, Brand Management, Leadership and Management, Marketing, Strategy and Operations, Design and Product
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/introduction-intellectual-property this url.Course name is Conduct UX Research and Test Early Concepts. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Plan and conduct moderated and unmoderated usability studies. ,Plan and conduct moderated and unmoderated usability studies. ,Synthesize observations from usability studies and come up with insights.,Synthesize observations from usability studies and come up with insights.,Share research methodology and insights using persuasive presentation skills.,Share research methodology and insights using persuasive presentation skills.,Modify low-fidelity designs based on research insights.,Modify low-fidelity designs based on research insights.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Planning, User Experience, User Research
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/conduct-ux-research this url.Course name is UI / UX Design. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the California Institute of the Arts. The course instructor is Michael Worthington. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 User Research,Website Wireframe,strategy,User Interface Design (UI Design),User Experience (UX),
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Critical Thinking, Design and Product, Graphic Design, Human Computer Interaction, Research and Design, User Experience, User Experience Design, User Research, Visual Design, Web Design, Strategy
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/ui-ux-design this url.Course name is Google Project Management (PT). This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Ganhe uma compreensão imersiva das práticas e habilidades necessárias para ter sucesso em uma função de gerenciamento de projetos de nível básico,Ganhe uma compreensão imersiva das práticas e habilidades necessárias para ter sucesso em uma função de gerenciamento de projetos de nível básico,Aprenda a criar artefatos e documentações eficazes nas várias fases de um projeto,Aprenda a criar artefatos e documentações eficazes nas várias fases de um projeto,Aprenda fundamentos do gerenciamento de projetos Agile: a implementação de eventos, criação de artefatos e entendimento das funções do Scrum.,Aprenda fundamentos do gerenciamento de projetos Agile: a implementação de eventos, criação de artefatos e entendimento das funções do Scrum.,Pratique a comunicação estratégica, a solução de problemas e o gerenciamento das partes interessadas em cenários reais,Pratique a comunicação estratégica, a solução de problemas e o gerenciamento das partes interessadas em cenários reais,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Project Management, Process Analysis, Collaboration, Organizational Development, Communication, Decision Making, Strategy, Product Management, Business Communication, Adaptability, Agile Software Development, Change Management, Leadership and Management, People Analysis, Scrum (Software Development), Strategy and Operations, Budget Management, Continuous Integration, Risk Management, Spreadsheet Software, Professional Development, Programming Principles, Application Development, Software Engineering
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/gestao-de-projetos-do-google this url.Course name is IT Security: Defense against the digital dark arts. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Cybersecurity,Wireless Security,Cryptography,Network Security,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cryptography, Network Security, System Security
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/it-security this url.Course name is Business Data Management and Communication. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. The course instructor is Unnati Narang. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Financial Accounting,Data Analysis,Business Analytics,Asset Management,Rstudio,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Analysis, Accounting, Data Management, General Accounting, Account Management, Data Analysis, Finance, Financial Accounting, Financial Management, Leadership and Management, Accounts Payable and Receivable, Financial Analysis, Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), Management Accounting, Business Intelligence, Cost Accounting, R Programming, Communication, Data Visualization, Interactive Data Visualization, Statistical Programming, Big Data, Data Visualization Software, Visual Design, Visualization (Computer Graphics), Data Analysis Software, Plot (Graphics), Computer Programming, Innovation, Strategy
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/business-data-management-communication this url.Course name is Meta Marketing Science Certification Prep. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Meta. The course instructor is Anke Audenaert. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Collect, sort, evaluate, and visualize marketing data,Collect, sort, evaluate, and visualize marketing data,Design experiments and test hypotheses to evaluate advertising effectiveness,Design experiments and test hypotheses to evaluate advertising effectiveness,Use Meta Ads Manager to run tests, learn what works and optimize ad performance ,Use Meta Ads Manager to run tests, learn what works and optimize ad performance ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Marketing, Digital Marketing, Advertising, Data Analysis, Business Analysis, Marketing Management, Media Strategy & Planning, Statistical Analysis, Probability & Statistics, Market Analysis, Communication, Experiment, General Statistics, Market Research, Regression, Statistical Tests, Basic Descriptive Statistics, Brand Management, Forecasting, Probability Distribution, Research and Design
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/meta-marketing-science-certification-prep this url.Course name is Introduction to Financial Accounting. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Brian J Bushee. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Financial Accounting,Accounting,Financial Statement,Balance Sheet,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Accounting, Accounts Payable and Receivable, Finance, Financial Accounting, General Accounting, Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), Account Management, Cash Management, Cost Accounting, Financial Analysis
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/wharton-accounting this url.Course name is Organizational Analysis. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Stanford University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Management,Organizational Theory,Organizational Analysis,Organizational Culture,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Organizational Development, Strategy, Strategy and Operations, Decision Making, Business Psychology, Change Management, Culture, Business Analysis, Business Process Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/organizational-analysis this url.Course name is Product Management Certification. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the SkillUp EdTech. The course instructor is Daniel C. Yeomans. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Apply key product management skills, tools, and techniques to engage and manage key stakeholders and clients,Apply key product management skills, tools, and techniques to engage and manage key stakeholders and clients,Identify product strategy development and implementation methods and best practices to ensure the right product is produced,Identify product strategy development and implementation methods and best practices to ensure the right product is produced,Describe product development and analysis best practices to effectively manage change and ensure a successful product launch,Describe product development and analysis best practices to effectively manage change and ensure a successful product launch,Test what you have learned in a series of practical exercises allowing you to demonstrate real-word product management,Test what you have learned in a series of practical exercises allowing you to demonstrate real-word product management,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, Leadership Development, Product Development, Product Lifecycle, Product Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/product-management-certification this url.Course name is Google Project Management (DE). This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Sie erlangen ein umfassendes Verständnis der Praktiken und Fähigkeiten, die für den Berufseinstieg ins Projektmanagement erforderlich sind,Sie erlangen ein umfassendes Verständnis der Praktiken und Fähigkeiten, die für den Berufseinstieg ins Projektmanagement erforderlich sind,Sie erfahren, wie Sie in den verschiedenen Phasen eines Projekts effektive Projektdokumentationen und Artefakte erstellen,Sie erfahren, wie Sie in den verschiedenen Phasen eines Projekts effektive Projektdokumentationen und Artefakte erstellen,Sie erfahren, wie Sie in den verschiedenen Phasen eines Projekts effektive Projektdokumentationen und Artefakte erstellen,Sie erfahren, wie Sie in den verschiedenen Phasen eines Projekts effektive Projektdokumentationen und Artefakte erstellen,Sie üben die strategische Kommunikation, Problemlösung und das Stakeholder-Management in realen Szenarien,Sie üben die strategische Kommunikation, Problemlösung und das Stakeholder-Management in realen Szenarien,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Design and Product, Microsoft Excel, Software Engineering, Leadership and Management, Business Analysis, Business Design, Data Analysis, Marketing Design, Creativity, Persona Research, Customer Analysis
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.3. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/google-project-management-de this url.Course name is Microsoft 365 Copilot: Personal Productivity for All. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Vanderbilt University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to assess recordings of meetings to improve plans, anticipate next steps, and help teams improve their coordination,How to assess recordings of meetings to improve plans, anticipate next steps, and help teams improve their coordination,Which Microsoft 365 Copilot tool to use for which task and when to switch between them,Which Microsoft 365 Copilot tool to use for which task and when to switch between them,How to create and revise content using Generative AI to target different audiences or be personalized for marketing,How to create and revise content using Generative AI to target different audiences or be personalized for marketing,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 5.0. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/microsoft-365-copilot this url.Course name is English for Career Development. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Communication,English Language,Career Development,Writing,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Communication, Critical Thinking, Human Resources, Human Resources Operations, Application Development, People Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/careerdevelopment this url.Course name is Instructional Design Foundations and Applications. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Instructional Design,Analysis for Instructional Design,Instructional System Design,Learning and Instructional Theories,Instructional Design Modeling,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Training
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.0. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/instructional-design-foundations-applications this url.Course name is Data Science Methodology. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Alex Aklson. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describe what a data science methodology is and why data scientists need a methodology.,Describe what a data science methodology is and why data scientists need a methodology.,Apply the six stages in the Cross-Industry Process for Data Mining (CRISP-DM) methodology to analyze a case study.,Apply the six stages in the Cross-Industry Process for Data Mining (CRISP-DM) methodology to analyze a case study.,Evaluate which analytic model is appropriate among predictive, descriptive, and classification models used to analyze a case study.,Evaluate which analytic model is appropriate among predictive, descriptive, and classification models used to analyze a case study.,Determine appropriate data sources for your data science analysis methodology.,Determine appropriate data sources for your data science analysis methodology.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Science, Data Analysis, Data Model, Machine Learning, Python Programming, Statistical Machine Learning, Data Mining
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/data-science-methodology this url.Course name is Introduction to Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Johns Hopkins University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/systematic-review this url.Course name is Bayesian Statistics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California, Santa Cruz. The course instructor is Matthew Heiner. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Bayesian Inference,Bayesian Inference,Time Series Forecasting,Time Series Forecasting,Hierarchical Modeling,Hierarchical Modeling,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Probability & Statistics, Bayesian Statistics, Probability Distribution, General Statistics, Statistical Analysis, R Programming, Statistical Programming, Mathematics, Regression, Data Analysis, Estimation, Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Machine Learning, Markov Model, Forecasting
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/bayesian-statistics this url.Course name is Introduction to Marketing. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Barbara E. Kahn. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Positioning (Marketing),Marketing,Marketing Strategy,Customer Satisfaction,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Brand Management, Customer Analysis, Market Analysis, Marketing, Marketing Design, Product Marketing, Product Strategy, Strategy, Customer Relationship Management, Sales, Communication
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/wharton-marketing this url.Course name is The DIY Musician. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Berklee. The course instructor is Stephen Webber. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Tools and techniques to write more compelling songs.,Tools and techniques to write more compelling songs.,Develop your identity and vision as an artist.,Develop your identity and vision as an artist.,Use ProTools to record and produce your original music.,Use ProTools to record and produce your original music.,Strategies to plan, launch, and manage a successful crowdfunding campaign.,Strategies to plan, launch, and manage a successful crowdfunding campaign.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Creativity, Strategy, Writing, Entrepreneurship, Planning, Brand Management, Communication, Critical Thinking, Leadership and Management, Marketing, Strategy and Operations
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/diy-musician this url.Course name is Introduction to Front-End Development. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Meta. The course instructor is Taught by Meta Staff. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Distinguish between front-end, back-end, and full-stack developers.,Distinguish between front-end, back-end, and full-stack developers.,Create and style a webpage with HTML and CSS.,Create and style a webpage with HTML and CSS.,The benefits of working with UI frameworks.,The benefits of working with UI frameworks.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  HTML and CSS, React (web framework), Web Development, Front-End Web Development, Web Design, Web Development Tools
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-to-front-end-development this url.Course name is Get Started with Python. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Explain how Python is used by data professionals ,Explain how Python is used by data professionals ,Explore basic Python building blocks, including syntax and semantics,Explore basic Python building blocks, including syntax and semantics,Understand loops, control statements, and string manipulation,Understand loops, control statements, and string manipulation,Use data structures to store and organize data ,Use data structures to store and organize data ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, Data Analysis, Data Visualization, Python Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Advanced. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/get-started-with-python this url.Course name is Digital Transformation Using AI/ML with Google Cloud. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google Cloud. The course instructor is Google Cloud Training. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Transformation, Cloud Computing, Google Cloud Platform, Business Analysis, Data Analysis, Data Management, Machine Learning, Applied Machine Learning, Human Learning, Machine Learning Software, Innovation, Strategy, Strategy and Operations, Customer Analysis, Decision Making, Machine Learning Algorithms, Algorithms, Business Intelligence, Cloud Infrastructure, Leadership and Management, Cloud Platforms, Data Architecture, Google App Engine
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/digital-transformation-using-ai-ml-with-google-cloud this url.Course name is Branding: The Creative Journey. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IE Business School. The course instructor is Brian Hallett. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Create a value proposition for a brand: How it can be positioned and mapped.,Create a value proposition for a brand: How it can be positioned and mapped.,Learn how to produce meaningful and engaging content.,Learn how to produce meaningful and engaging content.,Develop a complete creative pitch.,Develop a complete creative pitch.,Examine Branding activities through the lens of Customer Experience.,Examine Branding activities through the lens of Customer Experience.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Brand Management, Marketing, Leadership and Management, Advertising, Communication, Strategy, Creativity, Strategy and Operations, Digital Marketing, User Experience, Customer Analysis, Design and Product, Customer Relationship Management, Customer Success, Customer Support, Social Media, Storytelling, User Experience Design, Visual Design, Graphic Design, Journalism
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/branding-the-creative-journey this url.Course name is Google Data Analytics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Avoir une compréhension immersive des pratiques et des processus utilisés par un analyste de données junior ou associé dans son travail quotidien,Avoir une compréhension immersive des pratiques et des processus utilisés par un analyste de données junior ou associé dans son travail quotidien,Maîtriser des compétences (nettoyage des données, analyse et visualisation) et des outils (tableurs, SQL, programmation R, Tableau) analytiques clés,Maîtriser des compétences (nettoyage des données, analyse et visualisation) et des outils (tableurs, SQL, programmation R, Tableau) analytiques clés,Comprendre comment organiser les données, les analyser et réaliser les calculs à l’aide de tableurs et de la programmation SQL et R,Comprendre comment organiser les données, les analyser et réaliser les calculs à l’aide de tableurs et de la programmation SQL et R,Découvrir comment présenter les résultats d’analyses dans des tableaux de bord, des présentations et des plateformes de visualisation,Découvrir comment présenter les résultats d’analyses dans des tableaux de bord, des présentations et des plateformes de visualisation,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Decision Making, Data Analysis, Leadership and Management, Strategy, Strategy and Operations, Business Analysis, Design and Product, Planning, Communication, Business Psychology, Entrepreneurship, Business Development, Business Communication, Critical Thinking, Problem Solving, Exploratory Data Analysis, Process Analysis, Data Visualization, Operational Analysis, Visualization (Computer Graphics), Interactive Data Visualization, Spreadsheet Software, SQL
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/analytique-des-donnees-google this url.Course name is Effective Communication: Writing, Design, and Presentation. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Colorado Boulder. The course instructor is David Underwood. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 To Write Masterfully,To Write Masterfully,To Design Elegantly,To Design Elegantly,To Speak Powerfully,To Speak Powerfully,To Present Your Ideas and Your Best Self to the World,To Present Your Ideas and Your Best Self to the World,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, Writing, Creativity, Visual Design, Business Design, Computer Graphics, Design and Product, Graphic Design, Interactive Design, Marketing Design, Visualization (Computer Graphics), Business Communication, Professional Development, Critical Thinking, Leadership and Management, Natural Language Processing, Strategy, Organizational Development, Emotional Intelligence
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/effective-business-communication this url.Course name is Machine Learning on Google Cloud. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google Cloud. The course instructor is Google Cloud Training. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Use Vertex AI AutoML and BigQuery ML to build, train, and deploy ML models,Use Vertex AI AutoML and BigQuery ML to build, train, and deploy ML models,Implement machine learning models using Keras and TensorFlow 2.x,Implement machine learning models using Keras and TensorFlow 2.x,Implement machine learning in the enterprise best practices,Implement machine learning in the enterprise best practices,Describe how to perform exploratory data analysis and improve data quality,Describe how to perform exploratory data analysis and improve data quality,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Applied Machine Learning, Google Cloud Platform, Human Learning, Machine Learning Software, Cloud Computing, Machine Learning Algorithms, Deep Learning, Cloud Platforms, Artificial Neural Networks, Feature Engineering, Exploratory Data Analysis, Tensorflow, Python Programming, Data Analysis, Data Visualization, Probability & Statistics, Regression, Statistical Programming, Statistical Visualization, Algorithms, SQL, Cloud API, Apache, Extract, Transform, Load
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/machine-learning-tensorflow-gcp this url.Course name is Introduction to TensorFlow for Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, and Deep Learning. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Laurence Moroney. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Learn best practices for using TensorFlow, a popular open-source machine learning framework,Learn best practices for using TensorFlow, a popular open-source machine learning framework,Build a basic neural network in TensorFlow,Build a basic neural network in TensorFlow,Train a neural network for a computer vision application,Train a neural network for a computer vision application,Understand how to use convolutions to improve your neural network,Understand how to use convolutions to improve your neural network,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Tensorflow, Artificial Neural Networks, Computer Programming, Machine Learning Algorithms, Deep Learning, Machine Learning Software, Applied Machine Learning, Human Learning, Computer Vision
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-tensorflow this url.Course name is Financial Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. The course instructor is Jeff Flesher. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Financial Management,Risk Management,Financial Mismanagement,Financial Aid Management,Investment,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Financial Management, Finance, Financial Analysis, Financial Accounting, Leadership and Management, Accounting, Investment Management, Risk Management, Cash Management, Accounts Payable and Receivable, General Accounting, Management Accounting, Account Management, Corporate Accouting, Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), Cost Accounting, Decision Making, Market Analysis, Securities Trading, Strategy, Correlation And Dependence, Taxes, Mergers & Acquisitions
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/financial-management this url.Course name is SAS Programmer. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the SAS. The course instructor is Peter Styliadis. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand and use the fundamentals of the SAS programming language,Understand and use the fundamentals of the SAS programming language,Access different types of data (SAS, Excel, or text),      then explore and prepare the data ,Access different types of data (SAS, Excel, or text),      then explore and prepare the data ,Analyze and report on data and export results to common      formats (HTML, PDF, Excel)       ,Analyze and report on data and export results to common      formats (HTML, PDF, Excel)       ,Apply SAS programming principles in practical examples,Apply SAS programming principles in practical examples,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  SAS (Software), Data Analysis, Statistical Programming, Data Analysis Software, Computer Programming, Statistical Analysis, Programming Principles, Data Management, Data Structures, Exploratory Data Analysis, Databases, SQL, Process Analysis, Computational Logic
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/sas-programming this url.Course name is GIS, Mapping, and Spatial Analysis. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Toronto. The course instructor is Don Boyes. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Spatial Analysis,Geographic Information System (GIS),Mapping,Cartography,Esri,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  ArcGIS, Data Analysis, Data Visualization, Geovisualization, Spatial Analysis, Spatial Data Analysis, GIS Software, Data Analysis Software, Data Visualization Software, Data Model, Data Management, Databases, Statistical Analysis, Mergers & Acquisitions
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/gis-mapping-spatial-analysis this url.Course name is Cybersecurity for Everyone. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Maryland, College Park. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cyberattacks, Human Computer Interaction, Network Security, Security Engineering, Security Strategy, Computer Security Models, Leadership and Management, Risk Management, Software Security, Computer Networking
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/cybersecurity-for-everyone this url.Course name is Advanced Data Science with IBM. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Tom Hanlon. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Data Science,Internet Of Things (IOT),Deep Learning,Apache Spark,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Python Programming, Statistical Programming, Data Management, Machine Learning Algorithms, Deep Learning, Process Analysis, Apache, Data Analysis, Human Learning, Machine Learning Software, Applied Machine Learning, Extract, Transform, Load, Artificial Neural Networks, Feature Engineering, Application Development, Probability & Statistics, Cloud Computing, Statistical Machine Learning, General Statistics, Data Visualization, SQL, Statistical Visualization, Computer Programming, Tensorflow
. The level of difficulty for this course is Advanced. Currently the course has a rating of 4.3. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/advanced-data-science-ibm this url.Course name is Google UX Design. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Le processus de conception : être en empathie avec les utilisateurs, créer des prototypes, tester et itérer sur les solutions de conception.,Le processus de conception : être en empathie avec les utilisateurs, créer des prototypes, tester et itérer sur les solutions de conception.,Les bases de la recherche UX : la planification des études de recherche, la réalisation d’interviews et la synthèse des résultats de recherche.,Les bases de la recherche UX : la planification des études de recherche, la réalisation d’interviews et la synthèse des résultats de recherche.,Appliquer des concepts UX de base, tels que la conception centrée sur l’utilisateur, l’accessibilité et la conception axée sur l’équité.,Appliquer des concepts UX de base, tels que la conception centrée sur l’utilisateur, l’accessibilité et la conception axée sur l’équité.,Créer un portfolio UX qui inclura 3 projets menés de bout en bout : une application mobile, un site Internet réactif et une étude multiplateforme.,Créer un portfolio UX qui inclura 3 projets menés de bout en bout : une application mobile, un site Internet réactif et une étude multiplateforme.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Analysis, Business Development, Business Psychology, Communication, Decision Making, Design and Product, Entrepreneurship, Leadership and Management, Planning, Strategy, Strategy and Operations, Business Design, Critical Thinking, Data Analysis, People Management, Resilience, Collaboration, Creativity, Conflict Management, Adaptability, Business Communication, User Experience
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/conception-ux-google this url.Course name is Think Outside the Inbox: Email Marketing. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand how email marketing fits into a digital marketing strategy,Understand how email marketing fits into a digital marketing strategy,Write effective email copy, subject lines, and preview text,Write effective email copy, subject lines, and preview text,Test, execute, and optimize an email marketing campaign,Test, execute, and optimize an email marketing campaign,Measure and analyze email campaign results,Measure and analyze email campaign results,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Digital Marketing, Marketing, Marketing Management, Media Strategy & Planning, Communication, Data Analysis, Writing, Strategy
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/think-outside-the-inbox this url.Course name is Project Management Principles and Practices. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California, Irvine. The course instructor is Margaret  Meloni,  MBA, PMP. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Define a project’s scope and write a project plan,Define a project’s scope and write a project plan,Build a work breakdown schedule,Build a work breakdown schedule,Create a project budget,Create a project budget,Identify and manage risks,Identify and manage risks,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Project Management, Strategy and Operations, Leadership and Management, Collaboration, Communication, Conflict Management, Risk Management, Estimation, Planning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/project-management this url.Course name is Algorithms for Battery Management Systems. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Colorado Boulder. The course instructor is Gregory Plett. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to design equivalent-circuit models for lithium-ion battery cells,How to design equivalent-circuit models for lithium-ion battery cells,How to implement state-of-charge (SOC) estimators for lithium-ion battery cells,How to implement state-of-charge (SOC) estimators for lithium-ion battery cells,How to implement state-of-health (SOH) estimators for lithium-ion battery cells,How to implement state-of-health (SOH) estimators for lithium-ion battery cells,How to design balancers and power-limits estimators for lithium-ion battery packs,How to design balancers and power-limits estimators for lithium-ion battery packs,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Estimation, Mathematics, Algorithms, Probability & Statistics, Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Systems Design, Research and Design, General Statistics, Critical Thinking, Computer Programming, Algebra, Product Design, Correlation And Dependence, Design and Product, Linear Algebra, Process Analysis, Computer Programming Tools, Data Model, Material Handling, Leadership and Management, Probability Distribution, Product Lifecycle, Regression
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/algorithms-for-battery-management-systems this url.Course name is The Strategy of Content Marketing. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California, Davis. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Management,Writing,Content Marketing,Copywriting,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Digital Marketing, Marketing, Writing, Strategy
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/content-marketing this url.Course name is Introduction to AI in the Data Center. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the NVIDIA. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 What is AI and AI use cases, Machine Learning, Deep Leaning, and how training and inference happen in a Deep Learning Workflow.,What is AI and AI use cases, Machine Learning, Deep Leaning, and how training and inference happen in a Deep Learning Workflow.,The history and architecture of GPUs,  how they differ from CPUs, and how they are revolutionizing AI.    ,The history and architecture of GPUs,  how they differ from CPUs, and how they are revolutionizing AI.    ,Become familiar with deep learning frameworks, AI software stack, and considerations when deploying AI workloads on a data center on prem or cloud.,Become familiar with deep learning frameworks, AI software stack, and considerations when deploying AI workloads on a data center on prem or cloud.,Requirements for multi-system AI clusters and considerations for infrustructure planning, including servers, networking, storage and tools. ,Requirements for multi-system AI clusters and considerations for infrustructure planning, including servers, networking, storage and tools. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Deep Learning, Machine Learning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-ai-data-center this url.Course name is Create High-Fidelity Designs and Prototypes in Figma. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Build mockups and high-fidelity prototypes in the design tool Figma.,Build mockups and high-fidelity prototypes in the design tool Figma.,Define and apply common visual design elements and principles.,Define and apply common visual design elements and principles.,Demonstrate how design systems can be used to organize, standardize, and enhance designs.,Demonstrate how design systems can be used to organize, standardize, and enhance designs.,Understand the role of design critique sessions and feedback while iterating on designs. ,Understand the role of design critique sessions and feedback while iterating on designs. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  User Experience, Visual Design
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/high-fidelity-designs-prototype this url.Course name is Human Resources Analytics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California, Irvine. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Data Analysis,HR Lifecycle,Strategic Mindset,Human Resources Best Practices,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Human Resources, People Analysis, Business Analysis, Employee Relations, Human Resources Operations, Leadership and Management, People Development, Communication, Data Visualization, Influencing, Storytelling, Data Analysis
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/human-resources-analytics this url.Course name is Put It to Work: Prepare for Cybersecurity Jobs. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Determine when and how to escalate a security incident,Determine when and how to escalate a security incident,Engage with the cybersecurity community,Engage with the cybersecurity community,Find and apply for cybersecurity jobs,Find and apply for cybersecurity jobs,Prepare for job interviews,Prepare for job interviews,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, Leadership and Management, Python Programming, SQL
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/prepare-for-cybersecurity-jobs this url.Course name is Medical Terminology. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Rice University. The course instructor is Laura S. Kabiri. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Communication,Medical language,Health records,human anatomy,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Human Learning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/medicalterminology this url.Course name is Introductory Human Physiology. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Duke University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Recognize how the basic organ systems of the body work ,Recognize how the basic organ systems of the body work ,Apply the basic concepts that govern integrated body function as an intact organism in the nine of the body’s organ systems,Apply the basic concepts that govern integrated body function as an intact organism in the nine of the body’s organ systems,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Health
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/physiology this url.Course name is Product Ideation, Design, and Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Maryland, College Park. The course instructor is Dr. James V. Green. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Identify product ideas by developing your entrepreneurial thinking, exploring competitive analysis and industry analysis, and understanding the keys to value innovation.,Identify product ideas by developing your entrepreneurial thinking, exploring competitive analysis and industry analysis, and understanding the keys to value innovation.,Understand the keys to successfully navigating the roles and responsibilities of being a product leader to champion change with internal and external collaborators and influencers.,Understand the keys to successfully navigating the roles and responsibilities of being a product leader to champion change with internal and external collaborators and influencers.,Learn how to truly know your target customer, your customer’s underserved needs, your value proposition, your product feature set, and your user experience, then integrate this knowledge into product and market requirements and positioning plans.,Learn how to truly know your target customer, your customer’s underserved needs, your value proposition, your product feature set, and your user experience, then integrate this knowledge into product and market requirements and positioning plans.,Translate product ideas into reality by creating prototypes and minimum viable products (MVPs), as well as the financial strategies to fund their development and delivery,Translate product ideas into reality by creating prototypes and minimum viable products (MVPs), as well as the financial strategies to fund their development and delivery,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Strategy and Operations, Product Management, Design and Product, Entrepreneurship, Product Development, Strategy, Product Design, Marketing, Product Strategy, Research and Design, Market Research, Market Analysis, Product Marketing, Finance, Sales, Decision Making, Investment Management, Planning, Project Management, Financial Analysis, Financial Management, Business Psychology, Budget Management, Customer Analysis, Entrepreneurial Finance, Software Engineering Tools, Innovation
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/product-ideation-design-and-management this url.Course name is FPGA Design for Embedded Systems. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Colorado Boulder. The course instructor is Timothy Scherr. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Create in the FPGA a working system on a chip design with Nios II soft processor, RAM and FLASH memory, and several peripherals.,Create in the FPGA a working system on a chip design with Nios II soft processor, RAM and FLASH memory, and several peripherals.,Understand and practice all aspects of FPGA development, including conception, design, implementation, and debugging.,Understand and practice all aspects of FPGA development, including conception, design, implementation, and debugging.,Understand the rationale for each phase of the hardware development flow, including  fitting, timing constraints, simulation, and programming.,Understand the rationale for each phase of the hardware development flow, including  fitting, timing constraints, simulation, and programming.,Apply hierarchical design methods to create bigger designs in VHDL or Verilog,Apply hierarchical design methods to create bigger designs in VHDL or Verilog,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Hardware Design, Computational Logic, Computer Architecture, Leadership and Management, Design and Product, Microarchitecture, Systems Design, Computer Programming Tools, Critical Thinking, Computer Programming, Programming Principles, System Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/fpga-design this url.Course name is Agile with Atlassian Jira. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Atlassian. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Basics of agile methodologies (scrumand and kanban),Basics of agile methodologies (scrumand and kanban),How to create and manage agile boards in Jira Software Cloud,How to create and manage agile boards in Jira Software Cloud,How to apply agile practices in Jira Software Cloud,How to apply agile practices in Jira Software Cloud,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Agile Software Development, Leadership and Management, Planning, Product Development, Product Management, Project Management, Scrum (Software Development), Software Engineering, Software Testing, Technical Product Management, Jira (Software)
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/agile-atlassian-jira this url.Course name is Generative AI for Leaders. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Vanderbilt University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Using Generative AI in Leadership,Generative AI,Prompt Engineering for Leaders,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Writing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/generative-ai-for-leaders this url.Course name is Culture-Driven Team Building. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Dr. Aviva Legatt. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Recognize aspects of team culture to maximize team performance. ,Recognize aspects of team culture to maximize team performance. ,Draw out the collective wisdom of diverse  teams and create a team culture of continuous learning. ,Draw out the collective wisdom of diverse  teams and create a team culture of continuous learning. ,Handle conflict. ,Handle conflict. ,Establish common ground rules. ,Establish common ground rules. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Collaboration, Communication, Business Psychology, Emotional Intelligence, Entrepreneurship, Culture, People Management, Strategy and Operations, Professional Development, Organizational Development, Human Learning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/team-building this url.Course name is Game Theory. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Stanford University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Game Theory,Backward Induction,Bayesian Game,Problem Solving,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Decision Making, Game Theory, General Statistics, Problem Solving, Critical Thinking, Mathematical Theory & Analysis
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/game-theory-1 this url.Course name is Practical Guide to Trading. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Interactive Brokers. The course instructor is Mary MacNamara. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand the interconnectedness of the global capital markets ,Understand the interconnectedness of the global capital markets ,Learn how to trade options, futures, currencies, and equities,Learn how to trade options, futures, currencies, and equities,Acquire knowledge of fixed income products such as corporate and municipal debt,Acquire knowledge of fixed income products such as corporate and municipal debt,Hands-on experience with IBKR’s global trading platform using a simulated trading account ,Hands-on experience with IBKR’s global trading platform using a simulated trading account ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Finance, Investment Management, Financial Analysis, Leadership and Management, Risk Management, Securities Trading, Financial Management, Market Analysis, Strategy, Strategy and Operations, Business Analysis, Accounting, Data Analysis, Securities Sales, Taxes
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.3. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/financial-instruments-trading-investing this url.Course name is CompTIA a+ Cyber. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the CompTIA. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Take the first step on your cybersecurity career path with this course to learn to keep Window PCs and home networks safe with simple security steps.,Take the first step on your cybersecurity career path with this course to learn to keep Window PCs and home networks safe with simple security steps., Get to know how to use tools and methods to safeguard large and small company networks.  , Get to know how to use tools and methods to safeguard large and small company networks.  ,Discover how to handle Linux systems and write scripts to automate tasks and save time.,Discover how to handle Linux systems and write scripts to automate tasks and save time.,Gain the essentials to progress to CompTIA Security+ certification training. Note: This course doesn't include CompTIA Security+ certification prep.,Gain the essentials to progress to CompTIA Security+ certification training. Note: This course doesn't include CompTIA Security+ certification prep.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Network Security
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/comptia-aplus-cyber this url.Course name is Data Visualization with Tableau. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California, Davis. The course instructor is Govind Acharya. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Examine, navigate, and learn to use the various features of Tableau,Examine, navigate, and learn to use the various features of Tableau, Assess the quality of the data and perform exploratory analysis, Assess the quality of the data and perform exploratory analysis,Create and design visualizations and dashboards for your intended audience,Create and design visualizations and dashboards for your intended audience, Combine the data to and follow the best practices to present your story, Combine the data to and follow the best practices to present your story,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Visualization, Data Analysis, Data Analysis Software, Data Visualization Software, Tableau Software, Business Analysis, Business Intelligence, Statistical Visualization, Interactive Data Visualization, Interactive Design, Software Visualization, Storytelling, Visual Design, Visualization (Computer Graphics), Plot (Graphics), Computer Graphics
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/data-visualization this url.Course name is Creating Business Value with Data and Looker. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google Cloud. The course instructor is Google Cloud Training. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Learn the skills needed to do data exploration and analysis in Looker to empower others to solve business needs.,Learn the skills needed to do data exploration and analysis in Looker to empower others to solve business needs.,Use dimensions, measures, filters, table calculations and pivots to analyze and visualize data.,Use dimensions, measures, filters, table calculations and pivots to analyze and visualize data.,Create and share near real-time data visualizations using Looks, dashboards, and boards.,Create and share near real-time data visualizations using Looks, dashboards, and boards.,Use the Looker Integrated Development Environment (IDE) and project version control to modify LookML projects and curate Explores that empower business users to leverage data in their everyday workflows,Use the Looker Integrated Development Environment (IDE) and project version control to modify LookML projects and curate Explores that empower business users to leverage data in their everyday workflows,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cloud Computing, Cloud Platforms, Data Analysis, Google Cloud Platform, Looker (Software), Machine Learning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/creating-business-value-with-data-and-looker this url.Course name is Keller Williams Real Estate Agent. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Keller Williams. The course instructor is Julia Lashay. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Explore the essential principles of real estate necessary for a successful career, including how to obtain a real estate license.  ,Explore the essential principles of real estate necessary for a successful career, including how to obtain a real estate license.  ,Learn the fundamental sales and business growth strategies to build a real estate business.,Learn the fundamental sales and business growth strategies to build a real estate business.,Understand the role of a real estate agent when working with buyers and sellers, from lead generation to closing the transaction.,Understand the role of a real estate agent when working with buyers and sellers, from lead generation to closing the transaction.,Analyze, interpret, and reframe market data and effectively communicate its story to potential clients.,Analyze, interpret, and reframe market data and effectively communicate its story to potential clients.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, Negotiation
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 5.0. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/keller-williams-real-estate-agent this url.Course name is The Business of Music Production. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Berklee. The course instructor is John P. Kellogg, Esq.. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 The structure of the recording music industry and to read and interpret recording contracts,The structure of the recording music industry and to read and interpret recording contracts,How to earn money with your recorded music by leveraging copyright law,How to earn money with your recorded music by leveraging copyright law,Cast a clear vision for a recording project and how to use the right tools to achieve your vision,Cast a clear vision for a recording project and how to use the right tools to achieve your vision,How to record, edit, and mix a production using the industry standard digital audio workstation, Pro Tools,How to record, edit, and mix a production using the industry standard digital audio workstation, Pro Tools,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Creativity, Critical Thinking, Regulations and Compliance, Problem Solving, Process Analysis, Writing, Decision Making, Business Analysis, Deep Learning, Strategy, Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/business-music-production this url.Course name is Introduction to Discrete Mathematics for Computer Science. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California San Diego. The course instructor is Michael Levin. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Graph Theory,Number Theory,Cryptography,Probability,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Mathematics, Problem Solving, Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Algorithms, Critical Thinking, Graph Theory, Combinatorics, Computational Thinking, Probability & Statistics, Computer Programming, Python Programming, Computational Logic, General Statistics, Theoretical Computer Science, Probability Distribution, Strategy, Creativity, Experiment, Calculus, Game Theory, Plot (Graphics), Cryptography
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/discrete-mathematics this url.Course name is Web Design for Everybody: Basics of Web Development & Coding. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Michigan. The course instructor is Charles Russell Severance. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Add interacitivity to web pages with Javascript,Add interacitivity to web pages with Javascript,Describe the basics of Cascading Style Sheets (CSS3),Describe the basics of Cascading Style Sheets (CSS3),Use the Document Object Model (DOM) to modify pages,Use the Document Object Model (DOM) to modify pages,Apply responsive design to enable page to be viewed by various devices,Apply responsive design to enable page to be viewed by various devices,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Front-End Web Development, HTML and CSS, Web Design, Web Development, Web Development Tools, Computer Programming, Semantic Web, User Experience Design, Full-Stack Web Development, Interactive Design, Programming Principles, Computer Programming Tools, Visual Design, Javascript, Other Web Frameworks, Computational Logic, Design and Product, Strategy and Operations
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/web-design this url.Course name is Black Canadians: History, Presence, and Anti-Racist Futures. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Alberta. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 To recognize the scope of anti-Black violence and erasure in Canada's past and present. ,To recognize the scope of anti-Black violence and erasure in Canada's past and present. ,To clarify the struggles for liberation undertaken by Black Canadians and celebrate their contributions to human rights and anti-racist practices. ,To clarify the struggles for liberation undertaken by Black Canadians and celebrate their contributions to human rights and anti-racist practices. ,To meaningfully heed Black-led calls in imagining anti-racist futures. ,To meaningfully heed Black-led calls in imagining anti-racist futures. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 5.0. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/black-canadians this url.Course name is Financial Technology (Fintech) Innovations. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Michigan. The course instructor is Robert Dittmar. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Explain the difference between legacy payment systems and new innovations in payments.,Explain the difference between legacy payment systems and new innovations in payments.,Describe blockchain technology and critique its application in various contexts.,Describe blockchain technology and critique its application in various contexts.,Interpret a credit score and identify its determinants.,Interpret a credit score and identify its determinants.,Implement “smart” investing techniques.,Implement “smart” investing techniques.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  FinTech, Finance, BlockChain, Decision Making, Risk Management, Financial Analysis, Investment Management, Leadership and Management, Critical Thinking, Data Analysis, Innovation, Machine Learning, Algorithms, Banking, Entrepreneurship, Cryptography, Data Mining, Payments, Statistical Analysis, Cyberattacks, Network Security, Probability & Statistics, Statistical Machine Learning, Underwriting, Distributed Computing Architecture
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/financialtechnology this url.Course name is Scrum Master Certification. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the LearnQuest. The course instructor is Jim Sullivan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Agile Software Development, Scrum (Software Development), Project Management, Software Engineering, Continuous Delivery, Product Development, Continuous Integration, Leadership and Management, Product Management, Collaboration, Software Testing, Application Development, DevOps, Product Lifecycle, Design and Product, Planning, Process Analysis, System Software, Risk Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/learnquest-certified-scrum-master this url.Course name is Talent Acquisition. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the HRCI. The course instructor is Brad Boyson. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Create a job analysis and write a job description,Create a job analysis and write a job description,Create a talent recruitment strategy,Create a talent recruitment strategy,Identify and explain all stages of the talent acquisition life cycle,Identify and explain all stages of the talent acquisition life cycle,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Mergers & Acquisitions, Recruitment
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/talent-acquisition this url.Course name is Academic English: Writing. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California, Irvine. The course instructor is Tamy Chapman. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Punctuation,Essay Writing,Academic Writing,Writing,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Writing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/academic-english this url.Course name is SQL for Data Science. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California, Davis. The course instructor is Sadie St. Lawrence. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Identify a subset of data needed from a column or set of columns and write a SQL query to limit to those results.,Identify a subset of data needed from a column or set of columns and write a SQL query to limit to those results.,Use SQL commands to filter, sort, and summarize data.,Use SQL commands to filter, sort, and summarize data.,Create an analysis table from multiple queries using the UNION operator.,Create an analysis table from multiple queries using the UNION operator.,Manipulate strings, dates, & numeric data using functions to integrate data from different sources into fields with the correct format for analysis.,Manipulate strings, dates, & numeric data using functions to integrate data from different sources into fields with the correct format for analysis.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Critical Thinking, Data Analysis, Data Management, Database Administration, Database Design, Databases, Problem Solving, SQL, Business Analysis, Data Model
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/sql-for-data-science this url.Course name is The Singer Songwriter. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Berklee. The course instructor is Erin Barra. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 The basics of playing the guitar, including chords, scales, strumming and picking patterns.,The basics of playing the guitar, including chords, scales, strumming and picking patterns.,How to sing in your preferred genre and style healthfully, using proper breathing and vocal techniques.,How to sing in your preferred genre and style healthfully, using proper breathing and vocal techniques.,Basic songwriting tools and techniques to augment your songwriting.,Basic songwriting tools and techniques to augment your songwriting.,How to record, edit, and mix music productions that include MIDI and audio to create professional sounding recordings of your music.  ,How to record, edit, and mix music productions that include MIDI and audio to create professional sounding recordings of your music.  ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Creativity, Writing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/singer-songwriter this url.Course name is Understanding the Brain: The Neurobiology of Everyday Life. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the The University of Chicago. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Brain,Neurological Disorders,Neurobiology,Neurology,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/neurobiology this url.Course name is Introduction to Data Engineering. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Rav Ahuja. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 List basic skills required for an entry-level data engineering role.,List basic skills required for an entry-level data engineering role.,Discuss various stages and concepts in the data engineering lifecycle. ,Discuss various stages and concepts in the data engineering lifecycle. ,Describe data engineering technologies such as Relational Databases, NoSQL Data Stores, and Big Data Engines.,Describe data engineering technologies such as Relational Databases, NoSQL Data Stores, and Big Data Engines.,Summarize concepts in data security, governance, and compliance.,Summarize concepts in data security, governance, and compliance.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Engineering, Data Management, Extract, Transform, Load, Databases, Network Security, Big Data, Data Warehousing, Leadership and Management, SQL, Data Science, NoSQL
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-to-data-engineering this url.Course name is Investment Management with Python and Machine Learning. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the EDHEC Business School. The course instructor is Sean McOwen. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Write custom Python code and use existing Python libraries to build and analyse efficient portfolio strategies.,Write custom Python code and use existing Python libraries to build and analyse efficient portfolio strategies.,Write custom Python code and use existing Python libraries to estimate risk and return parameters, and build better diversified portfolios.,Write custom Python code and use existing Python libraries to estimate risk and return parameters, and build better diversified portfolios.,Learn the principles of supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques to financial data sets ,Learn the principles of supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques to financial data sets ,Gain an understanding of advanced data analytics methodologies, and quantitative modelling applied to alternative data in investment decisions     ,Gain an understanding of advanced data analytics methodologies, and quantitative modelling applied to alternative data in investment decisions     ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Investment Management, Finance, Python Programming, Data Analysis, Computer Programming, Machine Learning, Statistical Programming, Applied Machine Learning, Financial Analysis, Machine Learning Algorithms, Risk Management, Statistical Machine Learning, Data Analysis Software, Data Management, Data Mining, Natural Language Processing, Algorithms, Human Learning, Computer Science
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/investment-management-python-machine-learning this url.Course name is AI & Law. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Lund University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand the legal significance of the artificially intelligent software and hardware.,Understand the legal significance of the artificially intelligent software and hardware.,Understand the impact of the emergence of artificial intelligence on the application and administration of law in the public sector.,Understand the impact of the emergence of artificial intelligence on the application and administration of law in the public sector.,Understand the legal relevance of the use of artificially intelligent software in the private sector.,Understand the legal relevance of the use of artificially intelligent software in the private sector.,Understand the importance of artificial intelligence for selected legal fields, including labour law, competition law and health law.,Understand the importance of artificial intelligence for selected legal fields, including labour law, competition law and health law.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Human Computer Interaction, Human Learning, Machine Learning, Applied Machine Learning, Decision Making, Machine Learning Algorithms, Business Intelligence, Leadership and Management, Process Analysis, Regulations and Compliance
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/ai-law this url.Course name is Probabilistic Graphical Models. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Stanford University. The course instructor is Daphne Koller. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Inference,Bayesian Network,Belief Propagation,Graphical Model,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Bayesian Network, Probability & Statistics, General Statistics, Graph Theory, Probability Distribution, Bayesian Statistics, Markov Model, Correlation And Dependence, Machine Learning, Network Model, Decision Making, Human Learning, Algorithms
. The level of difficulty for this course is Advanced. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/probabilistic-graphical-models this url.Course name is Work Smarter with Microsoft Excel. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Microsoft. The course instructor is  Microsoft. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 You will learn how to create a spreadsheet, work with formulas and functions, make your spreadsheets look professional, and print a spreadsheet.,You will learn how to create a spreadsheet, work with formulas and functions, make your spreadsheets look professional, and print a spreadsheet.,How to manage worksheets, workbooks, tables table data, data cells and ranges, and charts,How to manage worksheets, workbooks, tables table data, data cells and ranges, and charts,How to perform operations by using formulas and functions,How to perform operations by using formulas and functions,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Critical Thinking, Data Analysis, Data Visualization, Microsoft Excel, Spreadsheet Software, Accounting, Data Analysis Software, Databases, General Accounting, Visual Design, Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/microsoft-excel-work-smarter this url.Course name is Become an EMT. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Colorado System. The course instructor is Whitney Barrett, MD. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 ,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Communication
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/become-an-emt this url.Course name is Data Analysis with R. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Duke University. The course instructor is Mine Çetinkaya-Rundel. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Analyze and visualize data,Analyze and visualize data,Perform hypothesis tests, interpret statistical results (e.g., p-values), and report the results of your analysis to clients,Perform hypothesis tests, interpret statistical results (e.g., p-values), and report the results of your analysis to clients,Fit, examine, and utilize regression models to examine relationships between multiple variables,Fit, examine, and utilize regression models to examine relationships between multiple variables,Install and use R and RStudio,Install and use R and RStudio,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  General Statistics, Probability & Statistics, Statistical Analysis, Data Analysis, Statistical Tests, Probability Distribution, R Programming, Statistical Programming, Basic Descriptive Statistics, Statistical Visualization, Bayesian Statistics, Exploratory Data Analysis, Data Visualization, Plot (Graphics), Problem Solving, Critical Thinking, Correlation And Dependence, Regression, Bayesian Network, Computer Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/statistics this url.Course name is Innovative Teaching with ChatGPT. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Vanderbilt University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to brainstorm lesson plans that integrate learner interests and needs,How to brainstorm lesson plans that integrate learner interests and needs,How to personalize and customize examples, games, assessments, and other educational materials for individual students,How to personalize and customize examples, games, assessments, and other educational materials for individual students,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Problem Solving
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/chatgpt-innovative-teaching this url.Course name is Data Visualization and Dashboards with Excel and Cognos. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Sandip Saha Joy. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Create basic visualizations such as line graphs, bar graphs, and pie charts using Excel spreadsheets.,Create basic visualizations such as line graphs, bar graphs, and pie charts using Excel spreadsheets.,Explain the important role charts play in telling a data-driven story. ,Explain the important role charts play in telling a data-driven story. ,Construct advanced charts and visualizations such as Treemaps, Sparklines, Histogram, Scatter Plots, and Filled Map Charts.,Construct advanced charts and visualizations such as Treemaps, Sparklines, Histogram, Scatter Plots, and Filled Map Charts.,Build and share interactive dashboards using Excel and Cognos Analytics.,Build and share interactive dashboards using Excel and Cognos Analytics.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Visualization, Plot (Graphics), Microsoft Excel, Statistical Visualization, Business Analysis, Data Analysis, Data Visualization Software, Interactive Data Visualization, Spreadsheet Software
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/data-visualization-dashboards-excel-cognos this url.Course name is Meta AR Developer. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Meta. The course instructor is Taught by Meta Staff. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Learn Meta Spark AR to optimize and test Spark AR effects, push content to Instagram using Spark AR Hub, and more.,Learn Meta Spark AR to optimize and test Spark AR effects, push content to Instagram using Spark AR Hub, and more.,,,Create a web AR application in PlayCanvas using JavaScript, and use Blender to modify 3D content.,Create a web AR application in PlayCanvas using JavaScript, and use Blender to modify 3D content.,,,Create AR games in Unity using C#; edit, import, and animate 3D content, including rigged animations.,Create AR games in Unity using C#; edit, import, and animate 3D content, including rigged animations.,,,Put together a job portfolio for an AR developer interview.,Put together a job portfolio for an AR developer interview.,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Javascript
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/meta-ar-developer this url.Course name is Java Programming and Software Engineering Fundamentals. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Duke University. The course instructor is Andrew D. Hilton. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Software Engineering,Data Structure,Computer Programming,Data Analysis,Algorithms,HTML,Debugging,JavaScript,Cascading Style Sheets (CSS),Software Design,Java Programming,Object-Oriented Programming (OOP),View all skills,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, Java Programming, Programming Principles, Algorithms, Problem Solving, Data Structures, Software Engineering, Computer Programming Tools, Critical Thinking, Computational Thinking, Data Analysis, Javascript, Software Testing, Front-End Web Development, HTML and CSS, Web Design, Web Development, Web Development Tools, Computer Graphic Techniques, Software Architecture, Data Model, Cryptography, Data Analysis Software, Data Management, System Software
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/java-programming this url.Course name is AWS Cloud Technical Essentials. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Amazon Web Services. The course instructor is Morgan Willis. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describe terminology and concepts related to AWS services     ,Describe terminology and concepts related to AWS services     ,Articulate key concepts of AWS security measures and AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)      ,Articulate key concepts of AWS security measures and AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)      ,You will learn to distinguish among several AWS compute services, including Amazon EC2, AWS Lambda, and Amazon ECS.  ,You will learn to distinguish among several AWS compute services, including Amazon EC2, AWS Lambda, and Amazon ECS.  ,Understand AWS database and storage offerings, including Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS), Amazon DynamoDB, and Amazon S3.      ,Understand AWS database and storage offerings, including Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS), Amazon DynamoDB, and Amazon S3.      ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Amazon Web Services, Cloud Computing, Cloud Storage, Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/aws-cloud-technical-essentials this url.Course name is User Experience Research and Design. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Michigan. The course instructor is Lija Hogan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
  Understand the basics of UX design and UX research, Understand the basics of UX design and UX research, Use appropriate UX research approaches to inform design decisions, Use appropriate UX research approaches to inform design decisions, Design a complete product, taking it from an initial concept to an interactive prototype, Design a complete product, taking it from an initial concept to an interactive prototype,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  User Experience, Research and Design, User Experience Design, User Research, Human Computer Interaction, Design and Product, People Analysis, Critical Thinking, Data Analysis, Survey Creation, Product Design, Communication, Interactive Design, Visual Design, Systems Design, Probability & Statistics
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/michiganux this url.Course name is Introduction to Cybersecurity Tools & Cyber Attacks. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is IBM Skills Network Team. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Discuss the evolution of security based on historical events.  ,Discuss the evolution of security based on historical events.  ,List various types of malicious software.  ,List various types of malicious software.  ,Describe key cybersecurity concepts including the CIA Triad, access management, incident response and common cybersecurity best practices.  ,Describe key cybersecurity concepts including the CIA Triad, access management, incident response and common cybersecurity best practices.  ,Identify key cybersecurity tools which include the following:  firewall, anti-virus, cryptography, penetration testing and digital forensics.    ,Identify key cybersecurity tools which include the following:  firewall, anti-virus, cryptography, penetration testing and digital forensics.    ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cryptography, Security Software, Cyberattacks, Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-cybersecurity-cyber-attacks this url.Course name is Healthy and Sustainable Foods and Products. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Michigan. The course instructor is Olivier Jolliet. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 You will identify factors that impact health & environment, assess the nutritional & sustainable performances of foods,  & the risks of chemicals.,You will identify factors that impact health & environment, assess the nutritional & sustainable performances of foods,  & the risks of chemicals.,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Product Lifecycle
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.1. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/healthy-sustainable-foods-products this url.Course name is Good with Words: Writing and Editing. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Michigan. The course instructor is Patrick Barry. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Creative ways to use syntax,Creative ways to use syntax,Techniques for adding nuance to your sentences and slogans,Techniques for adding nuance to your sentences and slogans,Tips to help you punctuate and paragraph like a professional,Tips to help you punctuate and paragraph like a professional,Habits needed to complete both short-term and long-term projects,Habits needed to complete both short-term and long-term projects,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Writing, Communication, Leadership and Management, Professional Development, Critical Thinking, Creativity, Planning, Resilience
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/good-with-words this url.Course name is AWS Cloud Practitioner Essentials. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Amazon Web Services. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand the working definition of the AWS Cloud,Understand the working definition of the AWS Cloud,Differentiate between on-premises, hybrid-cloud, and all-in cloud,Differentiate between on-premises, hybrid-cloud, and all-in cloud,Describe the basic global infrastructure of the AWS Cloud,Describe the basic global infrastructure of the AWS Cloud,Explain the benefits of the AWS Cloud,Explain the benefits of the AWS Cloud,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Amazon Web Services, Cloud Computing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/aws-cloud-practitioner-essentials this url.Course name is Fundamentals of Graphic Design. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the California Institute of the Arts. The course instructor is Michael Worthington. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Implement the fundamentals of color: visual, rhythm, and pattern in design ,Implement the fundamentals of color: visual, rhythm, and pattern in design ,Use scale, weight, direction, texture, and space in a composition ,Use scale, weight, direction, texture, and space in a composition ,Typeset text and experiment with letter forms,Typeset text and experiment with letter forms,Create your own series of images using different image making techniques  ,Create your own series of images using different image making techniques  ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, Computer Graphic Techniques, Computer Graphics, Creativity, Design and Product, Graph Theory, Graphic Design, Interactive Design, Visual Design, Visualization (Computer Graphics)
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/fundamentals-of-graphic-design this url.Course name is Primeros Auxilios Psicológicos (PAP). This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/pap this url.Course name is Music Production. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Berklee. The course instructor is Stephen Webber. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Identify and use reference tracks to establish a vision for your production,Identify and use reference tracks to establish a vision for your production,Use the Production Check-List to run an efficient and well-organized recording session,Use the Production Check-List to run an efficient and well-organized recording session,Edit your tracks while using your reference tracks and emotional and dynamic timelines to realize your vision for your production,Edit your tracks while using your reference tracks and emotional and dynamic timelines to realize your vision for your production,Evaluate your mix by crtically listening to it on different sound systems (ear buds, in the car, sound system, computer, etc.),Evaluate your mix by crtically listening to it on different sound systems (ear buds, in the car, sound system, computer, etc.),
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Creativity, Writing, Planning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/music-production this url.Course name is Google UX Design (PT). This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Siga o processo de design: exercite empatia com usuários, defina dificuldades e soluções, crie wireframes e protótipos, teste e reproduza os designs,Siga o processo de design: exercite empatia com usuários, defina dificuldades e soluções, crie wireframes e protótipos, teste e reproduza os designs,Compreenda os fundamentos da pesquisa de UX, planeje estudos de pesquisa e sintetize os resultados, e realize entrevistas e estudos de usabilidade.,Compreenda os fundamentos da pesquisa de UX, planeje estudos de pesquisa e sintetize os resultados, e realize entrevistas e estudos de usabilidade.,Aplique os fundamentos de UX, como design centrado no usuário, acessibilidade e design equitativo,Aplique os fundamentos de UX, como design centrado no usuário, acessibilidade e design equitativo,Crie um portfólio de experiência do usuário com três projetos : um app para dispositivos móveis, um site responsivo e uma experiência multiplataforma,Crie um portfólio de experiência do usuário com três projetos : um app para dispositivos móveis, um site responsivo e uma experiência multiplataforma,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  User Experience Design, Product Design, User Experience, Visual Design, Collaboration, Research and Design, Design and Product, Interactive Design, Graphic Design, Web Design, Persona Research, User Research, Mobile Development, Product Development, People Analysis
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/ux-design-do-google this url.Course name is Software Architecture for Big Data. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Colorado Boulder. The course instructor is Tyson Gern. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Practice software engineering fundamentals; test first development, refactoring, continuous integration, and continuous delivery.,Practice software engineering fundamentals; test first development, refactoring, continuous integration, and continuous delivery.,Architect and create a big data or distributed system using rest collaboration, event collaboration, and batch processing.,Architect and create a big data or distributed system using rest collaboration, event collaboration, and batch processing.,Create4 a performant, scalable distributed system that handles big data.,Create4 a performant, scalable distributed system that handles big data.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Big Data, Software Engineering, Software Testing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Advanced. Currently the course has a rating of 3.3. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/software-architecture-big-data this url.Course name is Microsoft Azure AI Fundamentals AI-900 Exam Prep. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Microsoft. The course instructor is  Microsoft. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 You will learn about the types of solutions AI makes possible, and the services on Microsoft Azure that you can use to create them.,You will learn about the types of solutions AI makes possible, and the services on Microsoft Azure that you can use to create them.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Microsoft Azure, Machine Learning Software, Applied Machine Learning, Human Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Natural Language Processing, Computer Vision, Algorithms, Training, Cloud Computing, Human Computer Interaction, Regression
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/microsoft-azure-ai-900-ai-fundamentals this url.Course name is Payroll and Tax Fundamentals. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (ADP). The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 The learner will explore fundamental aspects of payroll, including earnings, taxes, deductions and the significance of accurate personal information.,The learner will explore fundamental aspects of payroll, including earnings, taxes, deductions and the significance of accurate personal information.,Explore other employee benefits and look at pay statement details and the W-2, enhancing the understanding of income reporting. ,Explore other employee benefits and look at pay statement details and the W-2, enhancing the understanding of income reporting. ,The importance of payroll date calculations and payment methods. ,The importance of payroll date calculations and payment methods. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Taxes
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/payroll-and-tax-fundamentals this url.Course name is Google Data Analytics (PT). This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Conheça as práticas e os processos utilizados por um analista de dados júnior ou associado no trabalho cotidiano.,Conheça as práticas e os processos utilizados por um analista de dados júnior ou associado no trabalho cotidiano.,Aprenda as principais habilidades analíticas (limpeza, análise e visualização de dados) e ferramentas (planilhas, SQL, programação em R, Tableau) ,Aprenda as principais habilidades analíticas (limpeza, análise e visualização de dados) e ferramentas (planilhas, SQL, programação em R, Tableau) ,Entenda como limpar e organizar dados para análise e como completar análises e cálculos usando planilhas, SQL e programação em R,Entenda como limpar e organizar dados para análise e como completar análises e cálculos usando planilhas, SQL e programação em R,Aprenda como visualizar e apresentar descobertas de dados em painéis, apresentações e plataformas de visualização usados com frequência,Aprenda como visualizar e apresentar descobertas de dados em painéis, apresentações e plataformas de visualização usados com frequência,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, Data Visualization, Exploratory Data Analysis, Process Analysis, Databases, Data Management, Extract, Transform, Load, Statistical Programming, SQL, Business Analysis, Spreadsheet Software, Operational Analysis, Data Analysis Software, Microsoft Excel, Visualization (Computer Graphics), Communication, Critical Thinking, Interactive Data Visualization, Programming Principles, Statistical Visualization, Collaboration, Plot (Graphics), R Programming, Strategy, Tableau Software, Decision Making, Storytelling, Strategy and Operations, Graph Theory, Project Management, Computer Programming, Data Structures, Leadership and Management, System Security, Persona Research, Journalism
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/analise-de-dados-do-google this url.Course name is The Integration of Art and Science in Modern Dental Medicine. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Dr. Uri Hangorsky. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 The scope of oral health and its connection to systemic health.,The scope of oral health and its connection to systemic health.,Modern advancements in dentistry and dental technologies.,Modern advancements in dentistry and dental technologies.,Basic foundations of dental education and the field of dental medicine as a whole.,Basic foundations of dental education and the field of dental medicine as a whole.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/art-and-science-of-dental-medicine this url.Course name is Management Consulting. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Emory University. The course instructor is John Kim. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Problem Solving,Recruiting,Consulting,Management Consulting,Presentation,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Business Communication, Critical Thinking, Problem Solving, Decision Making, Strategy, Business Development, Business Intelligence, Communication, Market Research, Data Analysis, People Analysis, People Management, Process Analysis, Project Management, Strategy and Operations, Data Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/managementconsulting this url.Course name is The Manager's Toolkit: A Practical Guide to Managing People at Work. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of London. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Decision-Making,Leadership,Management,Performance Management,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Human Resources, Leadership and Management, People Management, Conflict Management, Decision Making, Human Resources Operations, People Analysis, Performance Management, Recruitment, Business Analysis, Employee Relations, Leadership Development, Organizational Development, People Development
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/people-management this url.Course name is Photography Basics and Beyond: From Smartphone to DSLR. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Michigan State University. The course instructor is Peter Glendinning. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Social Media,Photography,Writing,Copywriting,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Creativity, Social Media, Operations Management, Writing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/photography-basics this url.Course name is Build Dynamic User Interfaces (UI) for Websites. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Apply each step of the UX design thinking framework (empathize, define, ideate, prototype, test) to create a dynamic website.,Apply each step of the UX design thinking framework (empathize, define, ideate, prototype, test) to create a dynamic website.,Plan information architecture and sitemaps for website designs. ,Plan information architecture and sitemaps for website designs. ,Apply common layouts for web pages. ,Apply common layouts for web pages. ,Complete a design project and include it in your professional UX portfolio. ,Complete a design project and include it in your professional UX portfolio. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  User Experience, Web Design, Web Development Tools
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/responsive-web-design-adobe-xd this url.Course name is Assess for Success: Marketing Analytics and Measurement. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Define media planning and strategies,Define media planning and strategies,Describe what defines a successful marketing campaign,Describe what defines a successful marketing campaign,Evaluate metrics against performance goals and make adjustments to a marketing budget or strategy,Evaluate metrics against performance goals and make adjustments to a marketing budget or strategy,Create presentations and reports to update stakeholders on the progress or success of a marketing campaign and important insights,Create presentations and reports to update stakeholders on the progress or success of a marketing campaign and important insights,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Digital Marketing, Marketing, Marketing Management, Data Analysis, Media Strategy & Planning, Data Management, Market Analysis
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/assess-for-success this url.Course name is Certified Business Analysis Professional™ (CBAP®). This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Starweaver. The course instructor is Igor Arkhipov. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Overview and examples of all 50 business analysis techniques from the BABOK® Guide,Overview and examples of all 50 business analysis techniques from the BABOK® Guide,Gain a deep understanding of all the knowledge areas, perspectives, and techniques from the BABOK Guide,Gain a deep understanding of all the knowledge areas, perspectives, and techniques from the BABOK Guide,Case studies of examples and practical applications of selected techniques to be prepared to answer exam questions,Case studies of examples and practical applications of selected techniques to be prepared to answer exam questions,Gain 35 IIBA development units for certification or re-certification purposes,Gain 35 IIBA development units for certification or re-certification purposes,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Adaptability, Business Analysis, Collaboration, Communication, Planning, Strategy
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/certified-business-analysis-professional-cbap this url.Course name is Medical Neuroscience. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Duke University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Brain,Neurological Disorders,Neurobiology,Neurology,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Health
. The level of difficulty for this course is Advanced. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/medical-neuroscience this url.Course name is Machine Learning for Trading. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google Cloud. The course instructor is Jack Farmer. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand the structure and techniques used in machine learning, deep learning, and reinforcement learning (RL) strategies.,Understand the structure and techniques used in machine learning, deep learning, and reinforcement learning (RL) strategies.,Describe the steps required to develop and test an ML-driven trading strategy.,Describe the steps required to develop and test an ML-driven trading strategy.,Describe the methods used to optimize an ML-driven trading strategy.,Describe the methods used to optimize an ML-driven trading strategy.,Use Keras and Tensorflow to build machine learning models.,Use Keras and Tensorflow to build machine learning models.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Financial Analysis, Machine Learning, Finance, Algorithms, Financial Management, Investment Management, Leadership and Management, Market Analysis, Risk Management, Strategy, Applied Machine Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Artificial Neural Networks, Deep Learning, Google Cloud Platform, Human Learning, Cloud Computing, Reinforcement Learning, Python Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 3.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/machine-learning-trading this url.Course name is Calculus for Machine Learning and Data Science. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Luis Serrano. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Analytically optimize different types of functions commonly used in machine learning using properties of derivatives and gradients ,Analytically optimize different types of functions commonly used in machine learning using properties of derivatives and gradients ,Approximately optimize different types of functions commonly used in machine learning,Approximately optimize different types of functions commonly used in machine learning,Visually interpret differentiation of different types of functions commonly used in machine learning,Visually interpret differentiation of different types of functions commonly used in machine learning,Perform gradient descent in neural networks with different activation and cost functions,Perform gradient descent in neural networks with different activation and cost functions,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Calculus, Differential Equations, Mathematics, Machine Learning Algorithms, Regression, Algebra, Algorithms, Artificial Neural Networks
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning-calculus this url.Course name is Excel Skills for Business: Essentials. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Macquarie University. The course instructor is Nicky Bull. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Graphs,Spreadsheet,Microsoft Excel,Chart,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Microsoft Excel, Spreadsheet Software, Data Visualization, Plot (Graphics), Data Analysis, Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/excel-essentials this url.Course name is Machine Learning Foundations for Product Managers. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Duke University. The course instructor is Jon Reifschneider. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Modeling,Predictive Analytics,Data Science,Artificial Neural Network,Machine Learning,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Probability & Statistics, Regression, Applied Machine Learning, Data Analysis, Data Mining, Deep Learning, Algorithms, Data Science
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning-foundations-for-product-managers this url.Course name is Microsoft Windows Defender and Firewall for Beginners. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is IBM Skills Network Team. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Locate Microsoft Windows Security Virus and Threat Protection Settings,Locate Microsoft Windows Security Virus and Threat Protection Settings,Run Microsoft Windows Defender Antivirus Quick Scan ,Run Microsoft Windows Defender Antivirus Quick Scan ,Configure Microsoft Windows Firewall Rules ,Configure Microsoft Windows Firewall Rules ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.1. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/projects/microsoft-windows-defender-and-firewall-for-beginners this url.Course name is Large Language Model Operations (LLMOps). This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Duke University. The course instructor is Derek Wales. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Azure Databricks,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cloud API, Cloud Computing, Data Science, Machine Learning, Python Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/large-language-model-operations this url.Course name is Learning How to Learn: Powerful mental tools to help you master tough subjects. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Deep Teaching Solutions. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Test Preparation,Learning To Learn,Pomodoro Technique,Meta Learning,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Psychology, Entrepreneurship, Human Learning, Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/learning-how-to-learn this url.Course name is Probability & Statistics for Machine Learning & Data Science. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Luis Serrano. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describe and quantify the uncertainty inherent in predictions made by machine learning models,Describe and quantify the uncertainty inherent in predictions made by machine learning models,Visually and intuitively understand the properties of commonly used probability distributions in machine learning and data science,Visually and intuitively understand the properties of commonly used probability distributions in machine learning and data science,Apply common statistical methods like maximum likelihood estimation (MLE) and maximum a priori estimation (MAP) to machine learning problems,Apply common statistical methods like maximum likelihood estimation (MLE) and maximum a priori estimation (MAP) to machine learning problems,,,Assess the performance of machine learning models using interval estimates and margin of errors ,Assess the performance of machine learning models using interval estimates and margin of errors ,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  General Statistics, Probability & Statistics, Statistical Analysis
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning-probability-and-statistics this url.Course name is Reducing Gun Violence in America: Evidence for Change. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Johns Hopkins University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Gun Violence Epidemiology,Community Change,American Law & Policy,Public Health Interventions,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Exploratory Data Analysis
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/gun-violence this url.Course name is Microsoft Azure Data Scientist Associate (DP-100). This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Microsoft. The course instructor is  Microsoft. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Manage Azure resources for machine learning,Manage Azure resources for machine learning,Run experiments and train models,Run experiments and train models,Deploy and operationalize ethical machine learning solutions,Deploy and operationalize ethical machine learning solutions,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Microsoft Azure, Applied Machine Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Machine Learning Software, Cloud Computing, Python Programming, Human Learning, Algorithms, Big Data, Cloud Applications, Data Analysis, Regression, Extract, Transform, Load, Training, Exploratory Data Analysis, Cloud Platforms, Data Management, Cloud Storage, Deep Learning, Experiment
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.3. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/azure-data-scientist this url.Course name is Excel Skills for Data Analytics and Visualization. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Macquarie University. The course instructor is Dr Prashan S. M. Karunaratne. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Data Analysis,Microsoft Excel,Data Visualization,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Analysis, Spreadsheet Software, Data Analysis, Data Analysis Software, Data Management, Data Visualization, Microsoft Excel, Exploratory Data Analysis, Statistical Visualization, Data Model, Data Structures, Data Visualization Software, Database Design, Plot (Graphics), Visual Design, Big Data, Power BI
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/excel-data-analytics-visualization this url.Course name is ITIL 4 Exam Preparation. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the LearnQuest. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 ITIL 4 Foundation topics,ITIL Terminogy,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Organizational Development, Leadership and Management, Planning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/itil-4-exam-preparation this url.Course name is IBM z/OS Mainframe Practitioner. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM . The course instructor is Jeff Bisti. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Mainframe,security,IBM Z,z systems,Linux,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Operating Systems, System Programming, Computer Programming, Computer Programming Tools, Computer Architecture, Data Management, Theoretical Computer Science, Databases, Operations Management, Software-Defined Networking, User Experience
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/ibm-z-mainframe this url.Course name is Programming with JavaScript. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Meta. The course instructor is Taught by Meta Staff. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Creating simple JavaScript codes.,Creating simple JavaScript codes.,Creating and manipulating objects and arrays.,Creating and manipulating objects and arrays.,Writing unit tests using Jest ,Writing unit tests using Jest ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Javascript, Front-End Web Development, Computer Programming, Web Development Tools
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/programming-with-javascript this url.Course name is Software Design and Architecture. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Alberta. The course instructor is Kenny Wong. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Software Architecture,Java,Software Design Pattern,Object-Oriented Programming (OOP),
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Software Architecture, Software Engineering, Systems Design, Programming Principles, Computer Programming, System Software, Application Development, Computer Architecture, Design and Product, Java Programming, Product Design, Software Engineering Tools, Problem Solving, Computational Thinking, Project Management, Data Visualization, Process Analysis
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/software-design-architecture this url.Course name is Data Visualization with Python. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Saishruthi Swaminathan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Implement data visualization techniques and plots using Python libraries, such as Matplotlib, Seaborn, and Folium to tell a stimulating story,Implement data visualization techniques and plots using Python libraries, such as Matplotlib, Seaborn, and Folium to tell a stimulating story,Create different types of charts and plots such as line, area, histograms, bar, pie, box, scatter, and bubble,Create different types of charts and plots such as line, area, histograms, bar, pie, box, scatter, and bubble,Create advanced visualizations such as waffle charts, word clouds, regression plots, maps with markers, & choropleth maps,Create advanced visualizations such as waffle charts, word clouds, regression plots, maps with markers, & choropleth maps,Generate interactive dashboards containing scatter, line, bar, bubble, pie, and sunburst charts using the Dash framework and Plotly library,Generate interactive dashboards containing scatter, line, bar, bubble, pie, and sunburst charts using the Dash framework and Plotly library,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Python Programming, Computer Programming, Data Analysis, Data Visualization
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/python-for-data-visualization this url.Course name is Six Sigma Green Belt. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University System of Georgia. The course instructor is Gregory Wiles, PhD. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Lean Six Sigma,Process Improvement,Six Sigma Green Belt,Six Sigma,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, Probability & Statistics, Business Analysis, Process Analysis, Statistical Analysis, General Statistics, Operational Analysis, Business Process Management, Organizational Development, Performance Management, Problem Solving, Project Management, Statistical Tests, Statistical Visualization, Strategy and Operations, Decision Making, Leadership and Management, Mathematics, Operations Management, Basic Descriptive Statistics, Supply Chain and Logistics, Entrepreneurship, Planning, Probability Distribution, Customer Analysis, Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Experiment, Interactive Data Visualization
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/six-sigma-green-belt this url.Course name is Machine Learning Data Lifecycle in Production. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Robert Crowe. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
  , ,Identify responsible data collection for building a fair ML production system.,Identify responsible data collection for building a fair ML production system.,Implement feature engineering, transformation, and selection with TensorFlow Extended,Implement feature engineering, transformation, and selection with TensorFlow Extended,Understand the data journey over a production system’s lifecycle and leverage ML metadata and enterprise schemas to address quickly evolving data.,Understand the data journey over a production system’s lifecycle and leverage ML metadata and enterprise schemas to address quickly evolving data.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Python Programming, Statistical Programming, Tensorflow, Exploratory Data Analysis, Feature Engineering, Machine Learning, Probability & Statistics
. The level of difficulty for this course is Advanced. Currently the course has a rating of 4.3. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning-data-lifecycle-in-production this url.Course name is Futures Thinking. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Institute for the Future. The course instructor is Jane McGonigal. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Build your future forecasting skills.,Build your future forecasting skills.,Learn how to use Institute for the Future’s most powerful foresight tools, designed to help you spot new opportunities for innovation and invention.,Learn how to use Institute for the Future’s most powerful foresight tools, designed to help you spot new opportunities for innovation and invention.,Gain insight into the most important new technologies, global events and big ideas that are already shaping the future.,Gain insight into the most important new technologies, global events and big ideas that are already shaping the future.,Think more creatively and optimistically about what’s possible in the future.,Think more creatively and optimistically about what’s possible in the future.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Adaptability, Creativity, Forecasting, Critical Thinking, Innovation, Human Learning, Decision Making, Strategy, Problem Solving, Collaboration, Communication, People Analysis, Planning, Research and Design, Scientific Visualization, Strategy and Operations, Emotional Intelligence, Business Transformation, Storytelling, Game Theory, Internet Of Things, Leadership Development
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/futures-thinking this url.Course name is First Step Korean. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Yonsei University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Grammar,Writing,Korean Language,Speech,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, Culture, Writing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/learn-korean this url.Course name is Viral Marketing and How to Craft Contagious Content. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Social Network,Viral Marketing,Marketing,Marketing Strategy,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Brand Management, Communication, Critical Thinking, Influencing, Marketing, Media Strategy & Planning, People Analysis, Social Media, Strategy, Market Analysis
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/wharton-contagious-viral-marketing this url.Course name is Python Data Structures. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Michigan. The course instructor is Charles Russell Severance. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Explain the principles of data structures & how they are used,Explain the principles of data structures & how they are used,Create programs that are able to read and write data from files,Create programs that are able to read and write data from files,Store data as key/value pairs using Python dictionaries,Store data as key/value pairs using Python dictionaries,Accomplish multi-step tasks like sorting or looping using tuples,Accomplish multi-step tasks like sorting or looping using tuples,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Algorithms, Computational Logic, Computational Thinking, Computer Programming, Critical Thinking, Data Analysis, Data Management, Data Structures, Problem Solving, Python Programming, Software Engineering
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/python-data this url.Course name is Sales Training for High Performing Teams. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the HubSpot Academy. The course instructor is Kyle Jepson. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Sales Management,Sales,strategy,career growth,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Sales, Strategy, Customer Relationship Management, Marketing, Communication, Leadership and Management, B2B Sales, Inside Sales, Prospecting and Qualification, Sales Systems, People Analysis, Negotiation, Business Communication, Decision Making, Business Analysis
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/sales-training-high-performing-teams this url.Course name is Assets in Accounting. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Intuit. The course instructor is Intuit Academy Team. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Summarize the common types of assets a business may have.,Summarize the common types of assets a business may have.,Describe the importance of control over inventory.,Describe the importance of control over inventory.,Outline how depreciation expense is reported on an income statement.,Outline how depreciation expense is reported on an income statement.,Illustrate how transactions can be recorded in terms of the resulting change in the elements of the accounting equation.,Illustrate how transactions can be recorded in terms of the resulting change in the elements of the accounting equation.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Accounting, General Accounting, Accounts Payable and Receivable, Cost Accounting, Finance, Financial Accounting, Financial Management, Inventory Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.4. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/accounting-assets this url.Course name is Teach English Now! Foundational Principles. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Arizona State University. The course instructor is Emilia Gracia. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand ways to motivate and properly engage students,Understand ways to motivate and properly engage students,Maintain control of a classroom and avoid teacher burnout,Maintain control of a classroom and avoid teacher burnout,Describe the distinction between learning and acquisition,Describe the distinction between learning and acquisition,Use technology to your advantage in the classroom,Use technology to your advantage in the classroom,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Mergers & Acquisitions
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/english-principles this url.Course name is Songwriting: Writing, Arranging, and Producing Music. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Berklee. The course instructor is Erin Barra. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Generate lyrics that effectively convey the emotions you want to express,Generate lyrics that effectively convey the emotions you want to express,Create melodies and accompaniment that support your lyrics,Create melodies and accompaniment that support your lyrics,Develop balanced arrangements for live and recorded performances,Develop balanced arrangements for live and recorded performances,Produce song demos using a DAW,Produce song demos using a DAW,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Writing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/songwriting this url.Course name is Investment Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Geneva. The course instructor is University of Geneva- Michel Girardin. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Investment Management,Risk Management,Financial Markets,Finance,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Finance, Investment Management, Leadership and Management, Financial Analysis, Risk Management, Financial Management, Market Analysis, Strategy, Decision Making, Behavioral Economics, Correlation And Dependence, Market Research, Performance Management, Probability & Statistics, Securities Trading, Business Psychology, Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Banking, Statistical Analysis
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/investment-management this url.Course name is Pricing Strategy Optimization. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Virginia. The course instructor is Jean Manuel Izaret. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to utilize the strategic power of pricing to set profit maximizing prices  ,How to utilize the strategic power of pricing to set profit maximizing prices  ,Cost and economics in pricing strategy,Cost and economics in pricing strategy,How to leverage knowledge of customer value to develop a pricing strategy,How to leverage knowledge of customer value to develop a pricing strategy,Market and competitor pricing models that inform pricing decisions,Market and competitor pricing models that inform pricing decisions,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Marketing, Strategy, Strategy and Operations, Customer Analysis, Sales, Product Strategy, Business Analysis, Leadership and Management, Market Analysis, Product Marketing, Design and Product, Product Management, Entrepreneurship, Market Research, Accounting, Decision Making, Game Theory, B2B Sales, Cost Accounting, Business Psychology, Marketing Psychology, Retail Sales
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/uva-darden-bcg-pricing-strategy this url.Course name is Excel/VBA for Creative Problem Solving. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Colorado Boulder. The course instructor is Charlie Nuttelman. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Microsoft Excel Vba,Computer Programming,Problem Solving,Arrays,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Spreadsheet Software, Computer Programming, Problem Solving, Microsoft Excel, Programming Principles, Data Analysis, Critical Thinking, Algorithms, Computer Programming Tools, Computational Logic, Computational Thinking
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/excel-vba-creative-problem-solving this url.Course name is Building AI Powered Chatbots Without Programming. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Antonio Cangiano. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describe the benefits of chatbots and their usefulness in tasks such as customer support.,Describe the benefits of chatbots and their usefulness in tasks such as customer support.,Create a useful chatbot without writing any code using Watson Assistant.,Create a useful chatbot without writing any code using Watson Assistant.,Specify behaviour and tone to improve your chatbot and make it user-friendly.,Specify behaviour and tone to improve your chatbot and make it user-friendly.,Develop, test and deploy a chatbot to a WordPress website and interact with it.,Develop, test and deploy a chatbot to a WordPress website and interact with it.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cloud Computing, Computer Programming, IBM Cloud, Machine Learning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/building-ai-powered-chatbots this url.Course name is Harnessing the Power of Data with Power BI. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Microsoft. The course instructor is  Microsoft. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to recognize and use the key data analysis components of Microsoft Power BI.,How to recognize and use the key data analysis components of Microsoft Power BI.,Understand a Power BI data analyst's skills, tasks, and tools. ,Understand a Power BI data analyst's skills, tasks, and tools. ,Describe the different stages in the data analysis process that result in data-driven decisions. ,Describe the different stages in the data analysis process that result in data-driven decisions. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, Extract, Transform, Load, Power BI
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/harnessing-the-power-of-data-with-power-bi this url.Course name is SAP Professional Fundamentals. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the SAP. The course instructor is Martin Gollogly. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Business Transformation,Planning and Project Management,Systems and Design Thinking,Client Research and Analysis,Communication and Engagement,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Strategy, Strategy and Operations, Business Process Management, Planning, Project Management, Business Transformation, Cloud-Based Integration, Product Management, Supply Chain and Logistics
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/sap-professional-fundamentals this url.Course name is Web Applications for Everybody. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Michigan. The course instructor is Charles Russell Severance. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Installing your development environment,Installing your development environment,Developing a database application with PHP and MySQL,Developing a database application with PHP and MySQL,Using JavaScript to interact with a PHP web app,Using JavaScript to interact with a PHP web app,Modeling many-to-many relationships ,Modeling many-to-many relationships ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Database Design, Databases, HTML and CSS, Javascript, SQL, Web Development
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/web-applications this url.Course name is Google データアナリティクス. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 ジュニアまたはアソシエイトデータアナリストが日々の業務での実務とプロセスを深く理解する,ジュニアまたはアソシエイトデータアナリストが日々の業務での実務とプロセスを深く理解する,主要な分析スキル（データクリーニング、分析、可視化）とツール（スプレッドシート、SQL、R プログラミング、Tableau）を習得する,主要な分析スキル（データクリーニング、分析、可視化）とツール（スプレッドシート、SQL、R プログラミング、Tableau）を習得する,分析のためのデータのクリーニングと整理の方法を理解し、表計算ソフト、SQL、R プログラミングを使用して分析と計算を行う,分析のためのデータのクリーニングと整理の方法を理解し、表計算ソフト、SQL、R プログラミングを使用して分析と計算を行う,ダッシュボード、プレゼンテーション、一般的に使用されるビジュアライゼーションプラットフォームでデータの調査結果を可視化し、提示する方法を学ぶ,ダッシュボード、プレゼンテーション、一般的に使用されるビジュアライゼーションプラットフォームでデータの調査結果を可視化し、提示する方法を学ぶ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, Databases, Data Analysis Software, Data Management, Data Visualization, SQL, Spreadsheet Software, Business Analysis, Process Analysis, Microsoft Excel, Data Structures, Business Research, Problem Solving, R Programming, Visualization (Computer Graphics), Data Visualization Software, Decision Making, Big Data, Business Intelligence, Communication, Statistical Analysis, Tableau Software, Computer Programming, Plot (Graphics)
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/data-analytics-japanese this url.Course name is Human Anatomy and Medical Terminology Fundamentals. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the MedCerts. The course instructor is Jennifer Zabel. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Medical language,Knowledge of Major Diseases,human anatomy,Medical Terminology,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/human-anatomy-medical-terminology-fundamentals this url.Course name is Design a User Experience for Social Good & Prepare for Jobs. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Apply each step of the UX design thinking framework (empathize, define, ideate, prototype, test) to create a  project focused on social good.,Apply each step of the UX design thinking framework (empathize, define, ideate, prototype, test) to create a  project focused on social good.,Build wireframes, mockups, and low-fidelity and high-fidelity prototypes for a dedicated mobile app and a responsive website. ,Build wireframes, mockups, and low-fidelity and high-fidelity prototypes for a dedicated mobile app and a responsive website. ,Prepare to successfully interview for an entry-level UX design job.,Prepare to successfully interview for an entry-level UX design job.,Determine if freelance design work is a good career fit.,Determine if freelance design work is a good career fit.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  User Experience, User Research, Web Design
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/ux-design-jobs this url.Course name is Healthcare Law. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is R. Polk Wagner. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Learn the fundamentals of U.S. Healthcare Law,Learn the fundamentals of U.S. Healthcare Law,Learn how HIPAA operates and how to implement privacy best practices within your organization,Learn how HIPAA operates and how to implement privacy best practices within your organization,Understand how large multinational companies use intellectual property to create, protect, and distribute valuable innovations,Understand how large multinational companies use intellectual property to create, protect, and distribute valuable innovations,Describe how different countries address the healthcare needs of their populations,Describe how different countries address the healthcare needs of their populations,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Regulations and Compliance, Leadership and Management, Innovation, Strategy, System Security, Critical Thinking, Data Management, Risk Management, Strategy and Operations, Research and Design
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/healthcare-law this url.Course name is Marketing Mix Implementation. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IE Business School. The course instructor is Ramon Diaz-Bernardo. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Pricing,Communication,Product Management,Marketing,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Marketing, Product Strategy, Strategy, Customer Analysis, Market Analysis, Retail Sales, Strategy and Operations, Brand Management, Leadership and Management, Customer Relationship Management, Product Management, Sales, Business Development, Communication, Market Research, Marketing Management, Retail Store Operations, Supply Chain and Logistics, Advertising, Business Analysis, Business Psychology, Cost Accounting, Design and Product, Media Strategy & Planning, Finance, Marketing Psychology, Public Relations
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/marketing-mix this url.Course name is Science of Exercise. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Colorado Boulder. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Explain the relationship between exercise and the body's physiological responses, including carbohydrate, fat, and protein metabolism,Explain the relationship between exercise and the body's physiological responses, including carbohydrate, fat, and protein metabolism,Describe the role of nutritional choices and their impact on health and training,Describe the role of nutritional choices and their impact on health and training,Summarize the factors that contribute to muscle soreness, fatigue, and the dangers associated with performance-enhancing drugs,Summarize the factors that contribute to muscle soreness, fatigue, and the dangers associated with performance-enhancing drugs,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Health, Training
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/science-exercise this url.Course name is Blockchain. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University at Buffalo. The course instructor is Bina Ramamurthy. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand smart contracts, a core idea and computational model of blockchain that enables automation, autonomy, scalability and transparency.,Understand smart contracts, a core idea and computational model of blockchain that enables automation, autonomy, scalability and transparency.,Have an understanding and working knowledge of the emerging blockchain technology.,Have an understanding and working knowledge of the emerging blockchain technology.,How to design and program smart contracts and decentralized application.,How to design and program smart contracts and decentralized application.,How to think of innovative application models, leveraging the blockchain technology.,How to think of innovative application models, leveraging the blockchain technology.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  BlockChain, Cryptography, Finance, Algorithms, Problem Solving, Application Development, Computer Programming, Contract Management, Data Structures, Security Engineering, Critical Thinking, Programming Principles, Payments, Research and Design, Software Engineering Tools, System Security, Theoretical Computer Science, Other Programming Languages, Adaptability, Distributed Computing Architecture
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/blockchain this url.Course name is Make the Sale: Build, Launch, and Manage E-commerce Stores. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand essential e-commerce strategies and practices,Understand essential e-commerce strategies and practices,Explain what e-commerce stores and platforms are and how they work,Explain what e-commerce stores and platforms are and how they work,Create an engaging customer experience online using best practices,Create an engaging customer experience online using best practices,Set up a mock e-commerce store using Shopify,Set up a mock e-commerce store using Shopify,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  E-Commerce, Sales, Advertising, Digital Marketing, Marketing, Marketing Management, Media Strategy & Planning, Strategy
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/make-the-sale this url.Course name is Cancer Biology. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Johns Hopkins University. The course instructor is Sarah Amend. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 An introduction to the biology of cancer,An introduction to the biology of cancer,The biology behind the steps in cancer metastasis,The biology behind the steps in cancer metastasis,How to define risk factors for prostate cancer,How to define risk factors for prostate cancer,The stages and treatment for prostate cancer,The stages and treatment for prostate cancer,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/cancer-biology this url.Course name is Learn Spanish: Basic Spanish Vocabulary. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California, Davis. The course instructor is Dr. Robert Blake. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Grammar,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, Writing, Culture
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/learn-spanish this url.Course name is Decentralized Finance (DeFi): The Future of Finance. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Duke University. The course instructor is Cam Harvey. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Learners will have a much deeper understanding of both the infrastructure of decentralized finance and the leading applications.,Learners will have a much deeper understanding of both the infrastructure of decentralized finance and the leading applications.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  BlockChain, FinTech, Finance, Algorithms, Cryptography, Payments, Banking, Risk Management, Contract Management, Computational Logic, Innovation, Regulations and Compliance, Securities Trading, Data Mining, Entrepreneurial Finance, Strategy and Operations, Cyberattacks, Investment Management, Security Engineering
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/decentralized-finance-duke this url.Course name is Positive Psychiatry and Mental Health. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the The University of Sydney. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Resilience
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/positive-psychiatry this url.Course name is Salesforce Sales Development Representative. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Salesforce. The course instructor is Noorin Fazal. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Articulate the purpose of the Sales Development Representative role and develop strategies for your personal and professional success ,Articulate the purpose of the Sales Development Representative role and develop strategies for your personal and professional success ,Prepare a professional portfolio and develop your personal brand to reflect your performance in the interview process,Prepare a professional portfolio and develop your personal brand to reflect your performance in the interview process,Apply the success-proven principles of the SV Academy Conversational Selling methodology,Apply the success-proven principles of the SV Academy Conversational Selling methodology,Problem-solve using the best-in-class tech tools of the SDR workflow,Problem-solve using the best-in-class tech tools of the SDR workflow,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Sales, Communication, Emotional Intelligence, Strategy, Business Analysis, Customer Relationship Management, Planning, Prospecting and Qualification, Sales Systems, Business Communication, Business Development, Business Intelligence, Data Management, Salesforce
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.4. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/sales-development-representative this url.Course name is Social Media Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Meta. The course instructor is Anke Audenaert. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to establish and manage a social media presence,How to establish and manage a social media presence,How to create a brand, tone, and voice for a social media presence,How to create a brand, tone, and voice for a social media presence,How to manage a content calendar for a social media presence,How to manage a content calendar for a social media presence,How to evaluate the performance of content on social media and how to iterate on that performance,How to evaluate the performance of content on social media and how to iterate on that performance,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Brand Management, Digital Marketing, Marketing, Media Strategy & Planning, Social Media, Strategy and Operations, Advertising, Communication, Creativity, Leadership and Management, Planning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/social-media-management this url.Course name is Organizational Leadership. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Northwestern University. The course instructor is Elizabeth Gerber. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Design Leadership,Negotiation,Leadership,Marketing,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Communication, Leadership Development, Strategy and Operations, Decision Making, Strategy, Business Psychology, Collaboration, People Analysis, People Development, Performance Management, Influencing, Organizational Development, Change Management, Employee Relations, Negotiation, Marketing, Innovation, Storytelling
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/organizational-leadership this url.Course name is Étudier en France: French Intermediate course B1-B2. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the École Polytechnique. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, Culture, Writing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/etudier-en-france this url.Course name is The Pronunciation of American English. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California, Irvine. The course instructor is Meg Parker. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 English Language,Pronunciation,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/american-english-pronunciation this url.Course name is Everyday Excel. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Colorado Boulder. The course instructor is Charlie Nuttelman. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 In this specialization, you'll learn a variety of Excel tools, techniques, and functions, which you'll apply to real-world, "open-ended" projects.,In this specialization, you'll learn a variety of Excel tools, techniques, and functions, which you'll apply to real-world, "open-ended" projects.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Microsoft Excel, Data Analysis, Spreadsheet Software, Business Analysis, Data Analysis Software, Data Management, Critical Thinking, Problem Solving, Mathematics, Data Visualization, Computer Programming Tools, Finance, Market Analysis, Regression
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/everyday-excel this url.Course name is Introduction to Electronics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Georgia Institute of Technology. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Problem Solving
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/electronics this url.Course name is IBM AI Enterprise Workflow. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM . The course instructor is Mark J Grover. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Artificial Intelligence (AI),Data Science,Python Programming,Information Engineering,Machine Learning,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Data Analysis, Exploratory Data Analysis, Human Learning, Data Visualization, Algorithms, Dimensionality Reduction, Feature Engineering, Natural Language Processing, Python Programming, Business Process Management, Data Management, Data Structures, Statistical Programming, Strategy and Operations, Apache, Artificial Neural Networks, Extract, Transform, Load, Data Science, Docker (Software)
. The level of difficulty for this course is Advanced. Currently the course has a rating of 4.3. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/ibm-ai-workflow this url.Course name is Design and Interpretation of Clinical Trials. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Johns Hopkins University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Clinical Research,Trial Design,Clinical Trial Design,Clinical Trial Management,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/clinical-trials this url.Course name is Unilever Digital Marketing Analyst. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Unilever. The course instructor is Unilever Team. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Market Segmentation,Google Analytics,Web Analytics,Marketing Automation,SEO optimization,Data storytelling,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/unilever-digital-marketing-analyst this url.Course name is Build a Modern Computer from First Principles: From Nand to Tetris (Project-Centered Course). This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Logic Gate,Computer Architecture,Assembly Languages,Hardware Description Language (HDL),
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computational Logic, Computer Architecture, Computer Programming, Hardware Design, Theoretical Computer Science, Computer Programming Tools, Critical Thinking, Problem Solving, Systems Design
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/build-a-computer this url.Course name is Introduction to Software Engineering. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Rav Ahuja. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describe software engineering, Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC), and software development tools, technologies and stacks.  ,Describe software engineering, Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC), and software development tools, technologies and stacks.  ,List different types of programming languages and create basic programming constructs such as loops and conditions using Python.   ,List different types of programming languages and create basic programming constructs such as loops and conditions using Python.   ,Outline approaches to application architecture and design, patterns, and deployment architectures.   ,Outline approaches to application architecture and design, patterns, and deployment architectures.   ,Summarize the skills required in software engineering and describe the career options it provides.,Summarize the skills required in software engineering and describe the career options it provides.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Software Engineering, Computer Programming, Software Engineering Tools, Application Development, Programming Principles, Software Architecture, Agile Software Development, Communication, Systems Design, User Experience Design, Python Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-to-software-engineering this url.Course name is Introduction to Mathematical Thinking. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Stanford University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Number Theory,Real Analysis,Mathematical Logic,Language,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Critical Thinking, Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Mathematics, Problem Solving, Computational Logic, Algebra, Applied Mathematics, Data Analysis, Algorithms, Computational Thinking
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/mathematical-thinking this url.Course name is Foundations of Data Structures and Algorithms. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Colorado Boulder. The course instructor is Sriram Sankaranarayanan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Organize, store and process data efficiently using sophisticated data structures and algorithms,Organize, store and process data efficiently using sophisticated data structures and algorithms,Design algorithms and analyze their complexity in terms of running time and space usage,Design algorithms and analyze their complexity in terms of running time and space usage,Create applications that are supported by highly efficient algorithms and data structures for the task at hand,Create applications that are supported by highly efficient algorithms and data structures for the task at hand,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Algorithms, Theoretical Computer Science, Data Structures, Computer Programming, Graph Theory, Problem Solving, Computational Logic, Computational Thinking, Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Mathematics, Applied Mathematics, Python Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Advanced. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/boulder-data-structures-algorithms this url.Course name is Cryptography I. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Stanford University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Cryptography,Cryptographic Attacks,Symmetric-Key Algorithm,Public-Key Cryptography,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Algorithms, Cryptography, Mathematics, Security Engineering, Theoretical Computer Science, Probability & Statistics, Critical Thinking, Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Computer Security Models, System Security
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/crypto this url.Course name is Biostatistics in Public Health. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Johns Hopkins University. The course instructor is John McGready, PhD, MS. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Calculate summary statistics from public health and biomedical data ,Calculate summary statistics from public health and biomedical data ,Interpret written and visual presentations of statistical data,Interpret written and visual presentations of statistical data,Evaluate and interpret results of various regression methods,Evaluate and interpret results of various regression methods,Choose the most appropriate statistical method to answer your research question,Choose the most appropriate statistical method to answer your research question,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Biostatistics, General Statistics, Probability & Statistics, Statistical Analysis, Statistical Tests, Data Analysis, Regression, Basic Descriptive Statistics, Critical Thinking, Estimation, Epidemiology, Probability Distribution, Problem Solving
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/biostatistics-public-health this url.Course name is Supply Chain Analytics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Rutgers the State University of New Jersey. The course instructor is Yao Zhao. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand the pain points of a supply chain and how analytics may relieve them.,Understand the pain points of a supply chain and how analytics may relieve them.,See supply chain + analytics job opportunities and requirement, and make data-driven career decisions.,See supply chain + analytics job opportunities and requirement, and make data-driven career decisions.,Discover and prioritize problems for enterprises in a competitive environment.,Discover and prioritize problems for enterprises in a competitive environment.,Plan for demand and supply, and design effective logistics strategies for large-scale distribution systems. ,Plan for demand and supply, and design effective logistics strategies for large-scale distribution systems. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, Supply Chain Systems, Supply Chain and Logistics, Leadership and Management, Strategy and Operations, Inventory Management, Operations Management, Business Analysis, Planning, Operational Analysis, Market Analysis, Strategy, Business Intelligence, Process Analysis, Forecasting, Transportation Operations Management, Warehouse Management, Data Management, Probability & Statistics, Risk Management, Statistical Analysis, Customer Analysis, General Statistics, Statistical Visualization, Data Model, Regression, Business Research, Statistical Tests, Supplier Relationship Management, Basic Descriptive Statistics, Data Visualization, Data Science
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/supply-chain-analytics this url.Course name is Introduction to Corporate Finance. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Michael R Roberts. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Discounted Cash Flow,Decision-Making,Corporate Finance,Cash Flow Analysis,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Accounting, Budget Management, Finance, General Accounting, Cost Accounting, Data Analysis, Decision Making, Entrepreneurship, Estimation, Mathematical Theory & Analysis
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/wharton-finance this url.Course name is Trustworthy Generative AI. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Vanderbilt University. The course instructor is Dr. Jules White. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 What problems actually make sense to solve with Generative AI,What problems actually make sense to solve with Generative AI,How to frame problems and prompt engineer to produce more trustworthy results from Generative AI,How to frame problems and prompt engineer to produce more trustworthy results from Generative AI,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Risk Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/trustworthy-generative-ai this url.Course name is Data Management for Clinical Research. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Vanderbilt University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Survey Design,Data Collection,Data Management,Clinical Data Management,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Clinical Data Management, Data Management, Data Structures, Planning, Critical Thinking, Database Administration
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/clinical-data-management this url.Course name is Artificial Intelligence (AI) Education for Teachers. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Macquarie University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Compare AI with human intelligence, broadly understand how it has evolved since the 1950s, and identify industry applications,Compare AI with human intelligence, broadly understand how it has evolved since the 1950s, and identify industry applications,Identify and use creative and critical thinking, design thinking, data fluency, and computational thinking as they relate to AI applications,Identify and use creative and critical thinking, design thinking, data fluency, and computational thinking as they relate to AI applications,Explain how the development and use of AI requires ethical considerations focusing on fairness, transparency, privacy protection and compliance,Explain how the development and use of AI requires ethical considerations focusing on fairness, transparency, privacy protection and compliance,Describe how thinking skills embedded in Australian curricula can be used to solve problems where AI has the potential to be part of the solution,Describe how thinking skills embedded in Australian curricula can be used to solve problems where AI has the potential to be part of the solution,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computational Thinking, Critical Thinking, Machine Learning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/artificial-intelligence-education-for-teachers this url.Course name is Transforming the Fashion Business. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Parsons School of Design, The New School. The course instructor is Keanan Duffty. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to develop a fashion business model that incorporates sustainability, experiential methods, collaborations, and serves underrepresented groups.,How to develop a fashion business model that incorporates sustainability, experiential methods, collaborations, and serves underrepresented groups.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Research and Design, Brand Management, Design and Product, Strategy and Operations, Supply Chain Systems, Supply Chain and Logistics, Innovation, Marketing, Product Management, Collaboration, Entrepreneurship, Retail Sales, Sales, Strategy, Business Design, E-Commerce, Interactive Design, Product Lifecycle, Forecasting, Merchandising, Product Design, Visual Design
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/transforming-fashion-business this url.Course name is CompTIA a+ Network. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the CompTIA. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Take the first step on your IT networking career path with this course and learn how to install networks in different places, like homes and offices.,Take the first step on your IT networking career path with this course and learn how to install networks in different places, like homes and offices.,Discover the basics of helping apps work, managing servers, setting up network users, storing data, and making tasks automatic.,Discover the basics of helping apps work, managing servers, setting up network users, storing data, and making tasks automatic.,Get to know how to keep networks running well and fix them when they have problems.,Get to know how to keep networks running well and fix them when they have problems.,Gain the essentials to progress to CompTIA Network+ certification training. Note: This course doesn't include CompTIA Network+ certification prep.,Gain the essentials to progress to CompTIA Network+ certification training. Note: This course doesn't include CompTIA Network+ certification prep.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 3.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/comptia-aplus-network this url.Course name is Engineering Project Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Rice University. The course instructor is Kazimir Karwowski. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Schedule,Project Management,Procurement,Earned Value Management (EVMT),Planning,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Project Management, Strategy and Operations, Planning, Operations Management, Strategy, Critical Thinking, Decision Making, Performance Management, Risk Management, Organizational Development, Leadership Development, People Management, Change Management, Conflict Management, Estimation
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/engineering-project-management this url.Course name is Introduction to Web Development with HTML, CSS, JavaScript. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Upkar Lidder. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describe the Web Application Development Ecosystem and terminology like front-end developer, back-end, server-side, and full stack.,Describe the Web Application Development Ecosystem and terminology like front-end developer, back-end, server-side, and full stack.,Identify the developer tools and integrated development environments (IDEs) used by web developers. ,Identify the developer tools and integrated development environments (IDEs) used by web developers. ,Create and structure basic web pages using HTML and style them with CSS. ,Create and structure basic web pages using HTML and style them with CSS. ,Develop dynamic web pages with interactive features using JavaScript. ,Develop dynamic web pages with interactive features using JavaScript. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Web Development, Cloud Applications, Javascript
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-to-web-development-with-html-css-javacript this url.Course name is Omnichannel Retail Strategy. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Matthew Bidwell. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Talent Management,Analytics,Performance Management,Marketing Strategy,Digital Supply Chain,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Strategy, Retail Store Operations, E-Commerce, Marketing, Retail Sales, Sales, Strategy and Operations, Brand Management, Human Resources, Organizational Development, Supply Chain Systems, Supply Chain and Logistics, Human Resources Operations, People Development, Performance Management, Talent Management, Market Analysis, Operations Management, People Analysis, Product Strategy, Compensation
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/wharton-retail-strategy this url.Course name is Foundations of Software Testing and Validation. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Leeds. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describe various types of software testing and identify their advantages and disadvantages.,Describe various types of software testing and identify their advantages and disadvantages.,Explain the significance of software testing in the software development process, recognising when and why testing should be employed.,Explain the significance of software testing in the software development process, recognising when and why testing should be employed.,Apply knowledge of testing techniques to design effective test cases, evaluate their effectiveness, and generate comprehensive testing plans.,Apply knowledge of testing techniques to design effective test cases, evaluate their effectiveness, and generate comprehensive testing plans.,Gain digital skills as part of Click Start! Follow the link in the instructor bio to see if you're eligible for FREE access to this course and more..,Gain digital skills as part of Click Start! Follow the link in the instructor bio to see if you're eligible for FREE access to this course and more..,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Software Testing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/foundations-of-software-testing-and-validation this url.Course name is Learn to Program: The Fundamentals. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Toronto. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Python Syntax And Semantics,Computer Programming,Python Programming,Idle (Python),
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, Python Programming, Computational Logic, Problem Solving, Programming Principles, Computer Programming Tools, Critical Thinking, Computational Thinking, Algorithms, Mathematics
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/learn-to-program this url.Course name is Marketing en redes sociales de Meta. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Meta. The course instructor is Anke Audenaert. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Crear y analizar una campaña publicitaria efectiva para tu público objetivo ,Crear y analizar una campaña publicitaria efectiva para tu público objetivo ,Crear un brief creativo que incluya los recursos de tu anuncio pago,Crear un brief creativo que incluya los recursos de tu anuncio pago,Crear, editar y solucionar problemas de anuncios en el Administrador de anuncios de Facebook,Crear, editar y solucionar problemas de anuncios en el Administrador de anuncios de Facebook,Establecer y gestionar una presencia en redes sociales,Establecer y gestionar una presencia en redes sociales,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, Marketing, Social Media, Advertising, Marketing Management, Strategy, Media Strategy & Planning, Market Analysis, Strategy and Operations, Leadership and Management, Product Marketing, Brand Management, Marketing Design, Digital Marketing, E-Commerce, Decision Making, Public Relations, Planning, Budget Management, Business Analysis, Entrepreneurship, Visual Design
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/marketing-en-redes-sociales-de-facebook this url.Course name is IELTS Preparation. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California, Irvine. The course instructor is Helen Nam. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Strategy, Writing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/ielts-preparation this url.Course name is Renewable Energy. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Colorado Boulder. The course instructor is Stephen R. Lawrence. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand and evaluate the operations and performance of renewable energy technologies.,Understand and evaluate the operations and performance of renewable energy technologies.,Explain how renewable energy systems integrate with electricity grid operations and market structures.,Explain how renewable energy systems integrate with electricity grid operations and market structures.,Explore how issues such as electric vehicles, hydrogen, and storage will influence renewable energy, and assess future pathways for renewables.,Explore how issues such as electric vehicles, hydrogen, and storage will influence renewable energy, and assess future pathways for renewables.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Strategy and Operations, Leadership and Management, Planning, Systems Design, Project Management, Operations Management, Critical Thinking, Market Research, Operational Analysis, Strategy, Supply Chain and Logistics, Feature Engineering, General Statistics, Innovation, Operating Systems, Research and Design, Benefits, Change Management, Probability & Statistics, Problem Solving, Product Strategy, Application Development, Finance, Financial Analysis, Financial Management, Technical Product Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/renewable-energy this url.Course name is International Women's Health and Human Rights. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Stanford University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Health Education,Reproductive Health,Community Health,Sexually Transmitted Infections,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/womens-health-human-rights this url.Course name is The Fundamentals of Personal Finance. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the SoFi. The course instructor is Brian Walsh. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Personal Finance,Budget,Debt Management Plan,money,Retirement,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Finance, Leadership and Management, Planning, Risk Management, Financial Management, Cash Management, Accounting, Taxes
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/personal-finance-fundamentals this url.Course name is Music Education for Teachers. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Berklee. The course instructor is Stephen Webber. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Create a toolkit to teach popular music through improvisation, songwriting and music technology,Create a toolkit to teach popular music through improvisation, songwriting and music technology,Use a variety of scales and improvisation techniques to create effective and compelling improvisations ,Use a variety of scales and improvisation techniques to create effective and compelling improvisations ,Arrange songs to better communicate your emotional intentions,Arrange songs to better communicate your emotional intentions,Record a musical production,Record a musical production,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Writing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/music-education this url.Course name is Fundamentals of Finance. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Jessica Wachter. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Accounting, Finance, Financial Accounting, Financial Analysis, Mathematics, Problem Solving, Decision Making, Estimation, Investment Management, Management Accounting
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 3.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/finance-fundamentals this url.Course name is Databases for Data Scientists. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Colorado Boulder. The course instructor is Di Wu. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Design effective, efficient databases through normalization and data modeling,Design effective, efficient databases through normalization and data modeling,Develop expertise in programming with the Structured Query Language (“SQL”) ,Develop expertise in programming with the Structured Query Language (“SQL”) ,Knowledge about database operations, data warehouse, big data, and NoSQL,Knowledge about database operations, data warehouse, big data, and NoSQL,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Databases, Data Management, SQL, Database Design, Database Administration, Data Model, Database Theory, PostgreSQL, Critical Thinking, Database Application, Problem Solving, Data Analysis, Data Structures, Big Data, NoSQL, Supply Chain and Logistics, Store Management, Data Science, Data Warehousing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/databases-for-data-scientists this url.Course name is School Health for Children and Adolescents. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Colorado System. The course instructor is Lauren Welch. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Nutrition,Behavioral Health,Learning Disabilities,School Health,Medical Conditions,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/school-health-for-children-and-adolescents this url.Course name is From Excel to Power BI. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Knowledge Accelerators. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Learners will be instructed in how to make use of Excel and Power BI to collect, maintain, share and collaborate, and to make data driven decisions,Learners will be instructed in how to make use of Excel and Power BI to collect, maintain, share and collaborate, and to make data driven decisions,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, Data Model, Data Visualization, Microsoft Excel, Power BI
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.4. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/from-excel-to-power-bi this url.Course name is The Path to Insights: Data Models and Pipelines. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Build data models that answer business questions ,Build data models that answer business questions ,Apply the ETL process to workplace scenarios,Apply the ETL process to workplace scenarios,Explore ETL tools,Explore ETL tools,Construct a pipeline to deliver necessary data,Construct a pipeline to deliver necessary data,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Management, Data Model, Extract, Transform, Load
. The level of difficulty for this course is Advanced. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/the-path-to-insights-data-models-and-pipelines this url.Course name is Introduction to Cyber Security. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the New York University. The course instructor is Dr. Edward G. Amoroso. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Summarize the main purpose of cyber security as a discipline,Summarize the main purpose of cyber security as a discipline,Summarize the basics of identification and authentication in cyber security,Summarize the basics of identification and authentication in cyber security,Explain the pros and cons of security through obscurity,Explain the pros and cons of security through obscurity,Develop a lifelong learning plan for potential careers in cyber security,Develop a lifelong learning plan for potential careers in cyber security,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Security Engineering, Cyberattacks, Network Security, System Security, Security Strategy, Computer Networking, Security Software, Computer Security Models, Network Architecture, Strategy, Cryptography, Problem Solving, Software Security, Algorithms, Computer Security Incident Management, Critical Thinking, Operational Analysis, Computational Thinking, BlockChain, Cloud Computing, Mobile Security
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/intro-cyber-security this url.Course name is Programming with Google Go. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California, Irvine. The course instructor is Ian Harris. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, Programming Principles, Software Engineering, Theoretical Computer Science, Computational Thinking, Critical Thinking, Algorithms, Data Structures, Problem Solving, Computational Logic, Operating Systems, Software Architecture, System Software, Application Development, Computer Architecture
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/google-golang this url.Course name is Data Science Foundations: Statistical Inference. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Colorado Boulder. The course instructor is Anne Dougherty. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Inference,Statistics,Data Science,Probability,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Probability & Statistics, General Statistics, Probability Distribution, Estimation, Statistical Tests, Mathematics, Correlation And Dependence, Calculus
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.4. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/statistical-inference-for-data-science-applications this url.Course name is Google サイバーセキュリティ. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 サイバーセキュリティの重要性と組織への影響について理解する,サイバーセキュリティの重要性と組織への影響について理解する,一般的なリスク、脅威、脆弱性、およびそれらを軽減するためのテクニックを識別する,一般的なリスク、脅威、脆弱性、およびそれらを軽減するためのテクニックを識別する,SIEM（セキュリティ情報イベント管理）ツールを用いて、ネットワークやデバイス、人々、データを不正アクセスやサイバー攻撃から守る,SIEM（セキュリティ情報イベント管理）ツールを用いて、ネットワークやデバイス、人々、データを不正アクセスやサイバー攻撃から守る,Python、Linux、SQL を活用して実践的な経験を積む,Python、Linux、SQL を活用して実践的な経験を積む,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/google-cybersecurity-jp this url.Course name is U.S. Federal Taxation. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. The course instructor is Michael P Donohoe, PhD, CPA. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Taxes, Accounting, Financial Accounting, Finance, Critical Thinking, General Accounting, Regulations and Compliance, Financial Analysis, Corporate Accouting, Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), Problem Solving, Benefits
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/united-states-federal-taxation this url.Course name is Object Oriented Programming in Java. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Multiple educators. The course instructor is Leo Porter. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Software Engineering,Data Structure,Computer Programming,Data Analysis,Algorithms,Problem Solving,Hash Table,Debugging,Software Design,Java Programming,Object-Oriented Programming (OOP),
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, Java Programming, Algorithms, Data Structures, Problem Solving, Programming Principles, Computational Thinking, Computer Programming Tools, Critical Thinking, Software Engineering, Computational Logic, Data Analysis, Visualization (Computer Graphics), Software Testing, Computer Graphics, Cryptography, Data Analysis Software, Data Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/object-oriented-programming this url.Course name is Construction Project Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Columbia University. The course instructor is Ibrahim Odeh, Ph.D., MBA. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 The fundamentals of construction management from construction industry, the role of project manager, contract types, and project delivery methods ,The fundamentals of construction management from construction industry, the role of project manager, contract types, and project delivery methods ,How to delivery lean project and maintina sustainability ,How to delivery lean project and maintina sustainability ,Explore technology trends and project planning,Explore technology trends and project planning,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Project Management, Strategy and Operations, Leadership and Management, Operations Management, Change Management, Entrepreneurship, Planning, Supply Chain and Logistics
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/construction-project-management this url.Course name is Statistical Analysis with R for Public Health. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Imperial College London. The course instructor is Victoria Cornelius. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Recognise the key components of statistical thinking in order to defend the critical role of statistics in modern public health research and practice,Recognise the key components of statistical thinking in order to defend the critical role of statistics in modern public health research and practice,Describe a given data set from scratch using descriptive statistics and graphical methods as a first step for more advanced analysis using R software,Describe a given data set from scratch using descriptive statistics and graphical methods as a first step for more advanced analysis using R software,Apply appropriate methods in order to formulate and examine statistical associations between variables within a data set in R,Apply appropriate methods in order to formulate and examine statistical associations between variables within a data set in R,Interpret the output from your analysis and appraise the role of chance and bias as explanations for your results,Interpret the output from your analysis and appraise the role of chance and bias as explanations for your results,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, General Statistics, Probability & Statistics, Statistical Analysis, Statistical Tests, R Programming, Regression, Biostatistics, Statistical Programming, Basic Descriptive Statistics, Exploratory Data Analysis, Critical Thinking, Correlation And Dependence, Probability Distribution, Epidemiology, Data Model
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/statistical-analysis-r-public-health this url.Course name is Global Diplomacy – Diplomacy in the Modern World. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of London. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Policy Analysis,Art,History,International Relations,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Critical Thinking, Negotiation
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/global-diplomacy this url.Course name is Managing Cybersecurity. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University System of Georgia. The course instructor is Herbert J. Mattord, Ph.D., CISM, CISSP, CDP. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand that cybersecurity is a managerial problem.,Understand that cybersecurity is a managerial problem.,Identify and manage risks to information assets within organizations.,Identify and manage risks to information assets within organizations., , ,Develop cybersecurity policies and plans for organizations.,Develop cybersecurity policies and plans for organizations., , ,Explain the integration of cybersecurity into all aspects of a business’s operations and use of information assets.,Explain the integration of cybersecurity into all aspects of a business’s operations and use of information assets., , ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Security Engineering, System Security, Risk Management, Computer Security Incident Management, Leadership and Management, Security Strategy, Network Security, Strategy, Cyberattacks, Strategy and Operations, Computer Security Models, Software Security, Security Software, Computer Networking, Planning, Business Analysis, Network Architecture, Operating Systems, Networking Hardware, Organizational Development, Operations Management, Cryptography, Network Model, Project Management, Cloud Computing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/managing-cybersecurity this url.Course name is Fundamentos de la gestión de proyectos. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describir las destrezas, funciones y responsabilidades de la gestión de proyectos en una variedad de sectores.,Describir las destrezas, funciones y responsabilidades de la gestión de proyectos en una variedad de sectores.,Explicar el ciclo de vida de la gestión de proyectos y comparar las diferentes metodologías de gestión de programas,Explicar el ciclo de vida de la gestión de proyectos y comparar las diferentes metodologías de gestión de programas,Definir la estructura y la cultura de la organización y explicar cómo repercute en la gestión de proyectos.,Definir la estructura y la cultura de la organización y explicar cómo repercute en la gestión de proyectos.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Organizational Development, Planning, Project Management, Strategy, Strategy and Operations, Change Management, Communication, Adaptability, Business Communication
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/fundamentos-de-la-gestion-de-proyectos this url.Course name is Introduction to DevOps. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is John Rofrano. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 The essential characteristics of DevOps including building a culture of shared responsibility, transparency, and embracing failure. ,The essential characteristics of DevOps including building a culture of shared responsibility, transparency, and embracing failure. ,The importance of Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery, Infrastructure as Code, Test Driven Development, Behavior Driven Development.,The importance of Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery, Infrastructure as Code, Test Driven Development, Behavior Driven Development.,Essential DevOps concepts: software engineering practices, cloud native microservices, automated continuous deployments, and building resilient code.,Essential DevOps concepts: software engineering practices, cloud native microservices, automated continuous deployments, and building resilient code.,The organizational impact of DevOps, including breaking down silos, working in cross functional teams, and sharing responsibilities.,The organizational impact of DevOps, including breaking down silos, working in cross functional teams, and sharing responsibilities.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  DevOps, Continuous Delivery, Continuous Integration, Software Engineering
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/intro-to-devops this url.Course name is Healthcare IT Support. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Johns Hopkins University. The course instructor is Ashwini S. Davison, M.D.. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Technical Support,Customer Support,Electronic Health Records,Health Information Technology,Telemedicine,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Problem Solving, Communication, Customer Support
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/healthcare-it this url.Course name is Getting Started with Power BI Desktop. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Coursera Project Network. The course instructor is Amit Yadav. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Import and Transform Data with Power BI Desktop,Import and Transform Data with Power BI Desktop,Visualize Data with Power BI Desktop,Visualize Data with Power BI Desktop,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Intelligence, Data Analysis, Data Visualization, Interactive Data Visualization, Power BI
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/projects/power-bi-desktop this url.Course name is The Art of Visual Storytelling. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Colorado Boulder. The course instructor is Paul Daugherty. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Create a proposal for a video project that includes specific elements of production.,Create a proposal for a video project that includes specific elements of production.,Understand visual storytelling structure.,Understand visual storytelling structure.,Shoot video that meets standards of sequencing, composition, focus and exposure.,Shoot video that meets standards of sequencing, composition, focus and exposure.,Edit footage with matching action, seamless cuts, and properly mixed audio.,Edit footage with matching action, seamless cuts, and properly mixed audio.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Storytelling
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/the-art-of-visual-storytelling this url.Course name is Advanced Embedded Linux Development. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Colorado Boulder. The course instructor is Daniel Walkes. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Development of software for Linux user or kernel applications for Embedded Devices,Development of software for Linux user or kernel applications for Embedded Devices,Deployment of customized root filesystem or custom Linux distributions on Embedded Devices,Deployment of customized root filesystem or custom Linux distributions on Embedded Devices,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, Operating Systems, System Software, Linux, System Programming, Agile Software Development
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.1. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/advanced-embedded-linux-development this url.Course name is Go Beyond the Numbers: Translate Data into Insights. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Apply the exploratory data analysis (EDA) process,Apply the exploratory data analysis (EDA) process,Explore the benefits of structuring and cleaning data,Explore the benefits of structuring and cleaning data,Investigate raw data using Python,Investigate raw data using Python,Create data visualizations using Tableau ,Create data visualizations using Tableau ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, Data Visualization, Exploratory Data Analysis, Python Programming, Tableau Software
. The level of difficulty for this course is Advanced. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/go-beyond-the-numbers-translate-data-into-insight this url.Course name is Impact Measurement & Management for the SDGs. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Duke University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Entrepreneurship, Leadership and Management, Marketing, Sales, Strategy, Strategy and Operations, Business Psychology, Organizational Development, Business Process Management, Finance
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/impact-for-sdgs this url.Course name is Professionalism in Allied Health. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the MedCerts. The course instructor is Jennifer Zabel. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Gain an understanding of the expectations of an allied healthcare professional in the workplace,Gain an understanding of the expectations of an allied healthcare professional in the workplace,Develop and exercise emotional intelligence, self-management, and interpersonal skills,Develop and exercise emotional intelligence, self-management, and interpersonal skills,Build and improve internal and external communication skills with all exchanges,Build and improve internal and external communication skills with all exchanges,Enhance the patient care experience with successful interactions and patient satisfaction,Enhance the patient care experience with successful interactions and patient satisfaction,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/professionalism-allied-health this url.Course name is Google UX Design (DE). This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Designprozess durchführen: Nutzende verstehen, Probleme definieren, Lösungsideen, Wireframes und Prototypen erstellen, Designs testen und iterieren,Designprozess durchführen: Nutzende verstehen, Probleme definieren, Lösungsideen, Wireframes und Prototypen erstellen, Designs testen und iterieren,UX-Forschung verstehen: Planen von Studien, Durchführen von Interviews und Studien zur Nutzungsfreundlichkeit, Zusammenfassen von Studienergebnissen,UX-Forschung verstehen: Planen von Studien, Durchführen von Interviews und Studien zur Nutzungsfreundlichkeit, Zusammenfassen von Studienergebnissen,Grundlegende UX-Konzepte wie menschzentrierte Gestaltung, Barrierefreiheit und gerechtigkeitsorientiertes Design anwenden,Grundlegende UX-Konzepte wie menschzentrierte Gestaltung, Barrierefreiheit und gerechtigkeitsorientiertes Design anwenden,Ein professionelles UX-Portfolio mit drei vollständigen Projekten erstellen: mobile App, responsive Website und plattformübergreifendes Projekt,Ein professionelles UX-Portfolio mit drei vollständigen Projekten erstellen: mobile App, responsive Website und plattformübergreifendes Projekt,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Design and Product, User Experience Design, User Experience
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.4. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/google-ux-design-de this url.Course name is Business English Communication Skills. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Washington. The course instructor is Richard Moore. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Business Plan,English Language,Meeting,Presentation,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Communication, Communication, Leadership and Management, Planning, Negotiation, Writing, People Management, Professional Development, Business Intelligence, Strategy, Business Development, Decision Making, Organizational Development, Project Management, Public Relations, People Analysis, Customer Relationship Management, Basic Descriptive Statistics, Data Analysis, Human Resources, Visualization (Computer Graphics), Data Visualization
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/business-english this url.Course name is Removing Barriers to Change. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Psychology, Change Management, Leadership and Management, Problem Solving, Strategy, Behavioral Economics, Influencing, Marketing, Organizational Development, Strategy and Operations
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/removing-barriers-to-change this url.Course name is Economics of Money and Banking. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Columbia University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Banking, Finance
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/money-banking this url.Course name is AI Applications in Marketing and Finance. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Michael R Roberts. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Analysis, Machine Learning, Customer Analysis, Finance, Financial Accounting, Marketing, Probability & Statistics, Statistical Machine Learning, User Experience
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/wharton-ai-applications-marketing-finance this url.Course name is PwC GST Taxation Executive. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the PwC India. The course instructor is Tax Academy. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Learn the fundamentals of GST and its applicability on a transaction.,Learn the fundamentals of GST and its applicability on a transaction.,Understand when, where and how much tax needs to be paid. Analyze whether input tax credit will be available.,Understand when, where and how much tax needs to be paid. Analyze whether input tax credit will be available.,Learn to obtain GST registration, and prepare, and file returns on the government portal. Undertake reconciliations for filing of returns.,Learn to obtain GST registration, and prepare, and file returns on the government portal. Undertake reconciliations for filing of returns.,Learn to generate E-invoices and E-waybill. Maintain accounts and records to be ready for assessments and audits.,Learn to generate E-invoices and E-waybill. Maintain accounts and records to be ready for assessments and audits.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Finance, Financial Analysis, Taxes, Problem Solving
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/pwc-gst-taxation-executive this url.Course name is Social Psychology. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Wesleyan University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/social-psychology this url.Course name is Convolutional Neural Networks in TensorFlow. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Laurence Moroney. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Handle real-world image data,Handle real-world image data,Plot loss and accuracy,Plot loss and accuracy,Explore strategies to prevent overfitting, including augmentation and dropout,Explore strategies to prevent overfitting, including augmentation and dropout,Learn transfer learning and how learned features can be extracted from models,Learn transfer learning and how learned features can be extracted from models,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Applied Machine Learning, Artificial Neural Networks, Computer Vision, Human Learning, Tensorflow, Python Programming, Machine Learning Software
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/convolutional-neural-networks-tensorflow this url.Course name is Managerial Accounting Fundamentals. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Virginia. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Different types of costs and how they are represented graphically,Different types of costs and how they are represented graphically,Cost-volume-profit analyses to answer questions around breaking even and generating profit,Cost-volume-profit analyses to answer questions around breaking even and generating profit,How to calculate and allocate overhead rates within both traditional and activity-based cost allocation systems,How to calculate and allocate overhead rates within both traditional and activity-based cost allocation systems,How to distinguish costs and benefits that are relevant from those that are irrelevant for a given management decision,How to distinguish costs and benefits that are relevant from those that are irrelevant for a given management decision,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Accounting, Cost Accounting, Leadership and Management, Management Accounting, Account Management, Financial Accounting, Budget Management, General Accounting, Critical Thinking, Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP)
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/uva-darden-managerial-accounting this url.Course name is Statistics with Python. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Michigan. The course instructor is Brenda Gunderson. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Create and interpret data visualizations using the Python programming language and associated packages & libraries,Create and interpret data visualizations using the Python programming language and associated packages & libraries,Apply and interpret inferential procedures when analyzing real data,Apply and interpret inferential procedures when analyzing real data,Apply statistical modeling techniques to data (ie. linear and logistic regression, linear models, multilevel models, Bayesian inference techniques),Apply statistical modeling techniques to data (ie. linear and logistic regression, linear models, multilevel models, Bayesian inference techniques),Understand importance of connecting research questions to data analysis methods.,Understand importance of connecting research questions to data analysis methods.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  General Statistics, Probability & Statistics, Statistical Analysis, Data Analysis, Statistical Tests, Basic Descriptive Statistics, Probability Distribution, Python Programming, Statistical Visualization, Statistical Programming, Mathematics, Plot (Graphics), Regression, Correlation And Dependence, Data Visualization, Exploratory Data Analysis, Computer Programming, Data Model, Bayesian Statistics
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/statistics-with-python this url.Course name is Investment and Portfolio Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Rice University. The course instructor is Arzu Ozoguz. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Performance Attribution,Behavioral Finance,Financial Markets,Behavioral Economics,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Finance, Investment Management, Financial Analysis, Leadership and Management, Risk Management, Behavioral Economics, Probability & Statistics, Market Analysis, Mathematics, Statistical Tests, Business Psychology, Correlation And Dependence, Mathematical Theory & Analysis
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/investment-portolio-management this url.Course name is Introduction to Philosophy. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the The University of Edinburgh. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/philosophy this url.Course name is Cybersecurity Operations Fundamentals. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Cisco Learning and Certifications. The course instructor is Cisco Learning & Certifications. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 The concepts behind TCP/IP networking communication,The concepts behind TCP/IP networking communication,The basics of networking communication, common attack vectors, and malicious activities,The basics of networking communication, common attack vectors, and malicious activities,The patterns of suspicious behaviors typically encountered when working in a Security Operations Center (SOC),The patterns of suspicious behaviors typically encountered when working in a Security Operations Center (SOC),
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Network Security, Operations Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/cbrops this url.Course name is PostgreSQL for Everybody. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Michigan. The course instructor is Charles Russell Severance. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to use the PostgreSQL database effectively,How to use the PostgreSQL database effectively,Explore database design principles,Explore database design principles,Dive into database architecture and deployment strategies,Dive into database architecture and deployment strategies,Compare and contrast SQL and NoSQL database design approaches and acquire skills applicable to data mining and application development,Compare and contrast SQL and NoSQL database design approaches and acquire skills applicable to data mining and application development,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  SQL, Databases, Database Design, PostgreSQL, Database Application, Data Management, Database Theory, Data Structures, Python Programming, Data Architecture, NoSQL, Data Model, Natural Language Processing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/postgresql-for-everybody this url.Course name is Food Sustainability, Mindful Eating, and Healthy Cooking. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Stanford University. The course instructor is Maya Adam, MD. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Make more environmentally sustainable food choices,Make more environmentally sustainable food choices,Eat mindfully and rebuild your relationship with food,Eat mindfully and rebuild your relationship with food,Cook using simple, fresh ingredients for health and enjoyment,Cook using simple, fresh ingredients for health and enjoyment,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/food-sustainability-mindful-eating-healthy-cooking this url.Course name is Corporate Strategy. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of London. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Entrepreneurship, Leadership and Management, Marketing, Sales, Strategy, Strategy and Operations, Finance, Mergers & Acquisitions, Business Development
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/corporatestrategy this url.Course name is Object Oriented Programming. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of London. The course instructor is Dr Matthew Yee-King. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Software Engineering,Computer Programming,C++,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/object-oriented-programming-s12n this url.Course name is Foundational Finance for Strategic Decision Making. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Michigan. The course instructor is Gautam Kaul. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand the sources of value of companies,Understand the sources of value of companies,Evaluate the cash flows of a project,Evaluate the cash flows of a project,Evaluate the risk of a project,Evaluate the risk of a project,Value a project and a strategy,Value a project and a strategy,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Finance, Financial Analysis, Financial Management, Investment Management, Decision Making, Leadership and Management, Business Analysis, Critical Thinking, Financial Accounting, Payments, Accounting, Market Analysis, Microsoft Excel, Planning, Problem Solving, Strategy and Operations, Mathematics
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/foundational-finance this url.Course name is Google IT Support. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Onlea support. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Obtenez les compétences nécessaires pour réussir dans un emploi de débutant en informatique,Obtenez les compétences nécessaires pour réussir dans un emploi de débutant en informatique,Apprenez l’assemblage d’ordinateurs, le réseautage sans fil, l’installation de programmes et le service client,Apprenez l’assemblage d’ordinateurs, le réseautage sans fil, l’installation de programmes et le service client,Apprenez à fournir un support client de bout en bout, depuis l’identification des problèmes jusqu’au dépannage et au débogage,Apprenez à fournir un support client de bout en bout, depuis l’identification des problèmes jusqu’au dépannage et au débogage,Apprenez à utiliser des systèmes tels que Linux, les systèmes de noms de domaine, l’interface de ligne de commande et à comprendre le code binaire,Apprenez à utiliser des systèmes tels que Linux, les systèmes de noms de domaine, l’interface de ligne de commande et à comprendre le code binaire,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Business Analysis, Design and Product, Strategy, Strategy and Operations, Decision Making, Data Analysis, Cloud Computing, Databases, Network Security, Data Management, Security Software, Communication, Computer Networking, Critical Thinking, Business Development, Planning, Operating Systems, Linux, Problem Solving, System Software
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/support-informatique-google this url.Course name is Civic Engagement in American Democracy. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Duke University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/civic-engagement-american-democracy this url.Course name is Aspectos básicos: Datos, datos, en todas partes. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Definir y explicar los conceptos clave involucrados en el análisis de datos, incluidos datos, análisis de datos y ecosistema de datos.,Definir y explicar los conceptos clave involucrados en el análisis de datos, incluidos datos, análisis de datos y ecosistema de datos.,Llevar a cabo una autoevaluación del pensamiento analítico con ejemplos específicos de su aplicación.,Llevar a cabo una autoevaluación del pensamiento analítico con ejemplos específicos de su aplicación.,Analizar el papel de las hojas de cálculo, los lenguajes de consulta y las herramientas de visualización de datos en el análisis de datos.,Analizar el papel de las hojas de cálculo, los lenguajes de consulta y las herramientas de visualización de datos en el análisis de datos.,Describir el papel de un analista de datos con referencia específica a empleos o puestos de trabajo.,Describir el papel de un analista de datos con referencia específica a empleos o puestos de trabajo.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, Databases, Business Analysis, Data Management, Exploratory Data Analysis, Process Analysis, Data Analysis Software, Data Structures, SQL, Spreadsheet Software, Strategy, Microsoft Excel
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/aspectos-basicos-datos-datos-en-todas-partes this url.Course name is Introduction to Clinical Data. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Stanford University. The course instructor is Nigam Shah. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to apply a framework for medical data mining,How to apply a framework for medical data mining,Ethical use of data in healthcare decisions,Ethical use of data in healthcare decisions,How to make use of data that may be inaccurate in systematic ways,How to make use of data that may be inaccurate in systematic ways,What makes a good research question and how to construct a data mining workflow answer it,What makes a good research question and how to construct a data mining workflow answer it,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, Data Mining
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-clinical-data this url.Course name is Hands-on Introduction to Linux Commands and Shell Scripting. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Rav Ahuja. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describe the Linux architecture and common Linux distributions and update and install software on a Linux system. ,Describe the Linux architecture and common Linux distributions and update and install software on a Linux system. ,Perform common informational, file, content, navigational, compression, and networking commands in Bash shell. ,Perform common informational, file, content, navigational, compression, and networking commands in Bash shell. ,Develop shell scripts using Linux commands, environment variables, pipes, and filters.,Develop shell scripts using Linux commands, environment variables, pipes, and filters.,Schedule cron jobs in Linux with crontab and explain the cron syntax.  ,Schedule cron jobs in Linux with crontab and explain the cron syntax.  ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Linux
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/hands-on-introduction-to-linux-commands-and-shell-scripting this url.Course name is Modern Robotics:  Mechanics, Planning, and Control. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Northwestern University. The course instructor is Kevin Lynch. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Mathematics, Linear Algebra, Algebra, Geometry, Computer Programming, Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Computer Programming Tools, Matlab, Python Programming, Algorithms, Critical Thinking, Problem Solving, Differential Equations, Graph Theory, Spatial Analysis, Planning, Supply Chain and Logistics
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/modernrobotics this url.Course name is Coding for Everyone: C and C++. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California, Santa Cruz. The course instructor is Ira Pohl. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Write and debug code in C and C++ programming languages,Write and debug code in C and C++ programming languages,Understand algorithms, and how to properly express them,Understand algorithms, and how to properly express them,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  C Programming Language Family, Computer Programming, Programming Principles, Algorithms, Data Structures, C++ Programming, Computational Logic, Computer Programming Tools, Computational Thinking, Critical Thinking, Mathematics, Problem Solving, Graph Theory, Theoretical Computer Science, Software Engineering
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/coding-for-everyone this url.Course name is Developing AI Applications with Python and Flask. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Abhishek Gagneja. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describe the steps and processes involved in creating a Python application including the application development lifecycle ,Describe the steps and processes involved in creating a Python application including the application development lifecycle ,Create Python modules, run unit tests, and package applications while ensuring the PEP8 coding best practices,Create Python modules, run unit tests, and package applications while ensuring the PEP8 coding best practices,Explain the features of Flask and deploy applications on the web using the Flask framework,Explain the features of Flask and deploy applications on the web using the Flask framework,Create and deploy an AI-based application onto a web server using IBM Watson AI Libraries and Flask,Create and deploy an AI-based application onto a web server using IBM Watson AI Libraries and Flask,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Software Testing, Application Development, Computer Programming, Python Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.4. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/python-project-for-ai-application-development this url.Course name is Marine Biology. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the American Museum of Natural History. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/marine-biology this url.Course name is Child Nutrition and Cooking. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Stanford University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Nutrition,Organic Food,Food Safety,Food Science,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/childnutrition this url.Course name is Dynamic Public Speaking. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Washington. The course instructor is Dr. Matt McGarrity. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Substantial increase your confidence and presence as a dynamic speaker. ,Substantial increase your confidence and presence as a dynamic speaker. ,  Develop delivery techniques for voice, movement, and gesture that engage audiences. ,  Develop delivery techniques for voice, movement, and gesture that engage audiences. ,Prepare effective speeches for various purposes (informative, persuasive, praise), occasions (workplace, special events, etc.), and audiences.  ,Prepare effective speeches for various purposes (informative, persuasive, praise), occasions (workplace, special events, etc.), and audiences.  ,  Master speechwriting techniques for storytelling, argument, style, topic framing, and discussing evidence.  ,  Master speechwriting techniques for storytelling, argument, style, topic framing, and discussing evidence.  ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, Critical Thinking, Public Relations, Strategy, Decision Making, Human Learning, Leadership and Management, People Analysis, People Development, Planning, Problem Solving, Professional Development, Process Analysis, Storytelling, Emotional Intelligence, Writing, Influencing, Organizational Development, Creativity, Leadership Development, Performance Management, Adaptability
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/public-speaking this url.Course name is Strategic Management and Innovation. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Copenhagen Business School. The course instructor is Robert Austin. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Strategic Management,Strategy Implementation,Strategic Thinking,Business Strategy,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Strategy, Strategy and Operations, Business Development, Organizational Development, Decision Making, Marketing, Planning, Critical Thinking, Entrepreneurship, Sales, Business Transformation, Communication, Product Strategy, Operations Management, Performance Management, Change Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/strategic-management this url.Course name is Behavioral Finance. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Duke University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Decision-Making,Behavioral Finance,Finance,Cognitive Bias,Behavioral Economics,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Behavioral Economics, Business Psychology, Critical Thinking, Decision Making, Finance, Investment Management, People Analysis, Probability & Statistics, Problem Solving, Strategy
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.4. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/duke-behavioral-finance this url.Course name is Fundamentals of Accounting. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. The course instructor is Gary Hecht, Ph.D.. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Income Statement,Cost,Financial Statement,Balance Sheet,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Accounting, Financial Analysis, Cost Accounting, Management Accounting, Financial Accounting, Leadership and Management, General Accounting, Finance, Account Management, Financial Management, Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), Accounts Payable and Receivable, Business Analysis, Decision Making, Data Analysis, Entrepreneurship, Strategy and Operations
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/accounting-fundamentals this url.Course name is Exploratory Data Analysis for Machine Learning. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Joseph Santarcangelo. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Artificial Intelligence (AI),Machine Learning,Feature Engineering,Statistical Hypothesis Testing,Exploratory Data Analysis,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, Exploratory Data Analysis, Machine Learning, Statistical Machine Learning, Feature Engineering, General Statistics, Probability & Statistics, Statistical Analysis, Data Analysis Software, Data Structures
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/ibm-exploratory-data-analysis-for-machine-learning this url.Course name is Business Analytics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. The course instructor is Unnati Narang. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Data Analysis,Analytics,Machine Learning,Rstudio,power bi,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, Business Analysis, R Programming, Data Visualization, Exploratory Data Analysis, Data Analysis Software, Machine Learning, Statistical Machine Learning, Data Management, Interactive Data Visualization, Statistical Programming, Algorithms, Data Model, Extract, Transform, Load, Accounting, Communication, Customer Analysis, Data Mining, Data Visualization Software, Machine Learning Algorithms, Plot (Graphics), Probability & Statistics, Statistical Analysis, Audit, Market Research, Marketing, Natural Language Processing, Regression, Visual Design, Visualization (Computer Graphics), Accounting Software, General Statistics, Market Analysis, Computer Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/analytics this url.Course name is Introduction to Project Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Rav Ahuja. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Explain project management, its benefits, and the role it plays in projects,Explain project management, its benefits, and the role it plays in projects,Describe who project managers work with, different project management methodologies, and recent trends in project management,Describe who project managers work with, different project management methodologies, and recent trends in project management,Summarize the typical responsibilities of a project manager and the skill sets needed to fulfill those responsibilities ,Summarize the typical responsibilities of a project manager and the skill sets needed to fulfill those responsibilities ,Compare and contrast different industries, paths, and possible career progressions available to project management professionals,Compare and contrast different industries, paths, and possible career progressions available to project management professionals,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Project Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-to-project-management this url.Course name is Marketing Strategy. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IE Business School. The course instructor is Ignacio Gafo. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Marketing Plan,Market Research,Positioning (Marketing),Value Proposition,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Marketing, Market Analysis, Strategy, Marketing Management, Market Research, Product Marketing, Brand Management, Customer Analysis, Media Strategy & Planning, Product Strategy, Strategy and Operations, People Analysis, Decision Making, B2B Sales, Process Analysis, Risk Management, Business Research, Data Analysis, Planning, Communication
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/marketing-strategy this url.Course name is Design Thinking. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Virginia. The course instructor is Jeanne M. Liedtka. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to complete a 14-Step process to solve human-centered problems,How to complete a 14-Step process to solve human-centered problems, How to use important design tools to connect with customers, How to use important design tools to connect with customers, How to deepen your practice through six key phases of the design thinking process, How to deepen your practice through six key phases of the design thinking process,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Innovation, Problem Solving, Strategy, Strategy and Operations, Research and Design, Communication, User Experience, Critical Thinking, Human Learning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/uva-darden-design-thinking this url.Course name is Introduction to Biology: Ecology, Evolution, & Biodiversity. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Rice University. The course instructor is Scott Solomon. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Recording observations,Ecosystem Model,Examining ideas,Interpreting phylogenetic trees,Inspecting specimens,Researching scientific articles,Identifying species,Interdisciplinary thinking,Communicating scientific ideas,Concept mapping and visualization,View all skills,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/introduction-to-biology this url.Course name is C# Programming for Unity Game Development. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Colorado System. The course instructor is Dr. Tim "Dr. T" Chamillard. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Crt0,For Loop,Console Applications,Foreach Loop,Video Game Development,C Sharp (C#) (Programming Language),Unity (User Interface),Game Programming,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, Programming Principles, Problem Solving, Software Engineering, C Programming Language Family, Computer Programming Tools, Critical Thinking, Leadership and Management, Mathematics, Data Structures
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/programming-unity-game-development this url.Course name is Real-World Product Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Advancing Women in Tech. The course instructor is Nancy Wang. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How elite PMs work backward from their customers using personas, interviews, journeys; PRDs, PRFAQs; MPVs, market sizing, and competitive analyses.,How elite PMs work backward from their customers using personas, interviews, journeys; PRDs, PRFAQs; MPVs, market sizing, and competitive analyses.,How elite PMs show their success using velocity, KPIs, OKRs, North Stars, A/B/n tests, NPS, CSAT, CES, cohort analyses, LTV, pricing, and financials.,How elite PMs show their success using velocity, KPIs, OKRs, North Stars, A/B/n tests, NPS, CSAT, CES, cohort analyses, LTV, pricing, and financials.,Lead and work with customers, engineers, designers, data scientists, AI, and ML! Practice technical skills asked by Amazon, Google, and Microsoft.,Lead and work with customers, engineers, designers, data scientists, AI, and ML! Practice technical skills asked by Amazon, Google, and Microsoft.,Ace PM interviews! Train using real PM interview questions. Using our app, practice on hundreds asked by Amazon, Google, Facebook, and Microsoft.,Ace PM interviews! Train using real PM interview questions. Using our app, practice on hundreds asked by Amazon, Google, Facebook, and Microsoft.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Product Strategy, Product Management, Strategy, Marketing, Strategy and Operations, Design and Product, Product Marketing, Business Process Management, Customer Success
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/real-world-product-management this url.Course name is C Programming for Everybody. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Michigan. The course instructor is Charles Russell Severance. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand how a programming language leads to software portability,Understand how a programming language leads to software portability,Learn to write simple C Programs ,Learn to write simple C Programs ,Learn to build a simple implementation of a Python object,Learn to build a simple implementation of a Python object,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 5.0. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/c-programming-for-everybody this url.Course name is Version Control. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Meta. The course instructor is Taught by Meta Staff. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Implement Version Control systems ,Implement Version Control systems ,Navigate and configure using the command line ,Navigate and configure using the command line ,Use a GitHub repository. Create a GitHub repository,Use a GitHub repository. Create a GitHub repository,Manage code revisions,Manage code revisions,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Collaboration, Linux, Software Engineering, Software Engineering Tools, Web Development
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-to-version-control this url.Course name is Software Development Lifecycle. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Minnesota. The course instructor is Kevin Wendt. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Critically analyze software engineering development processes from our four selected development philosophies (traditional, secure, agile, and lean),Critically analyze software engineering development processes from our four selected development philosophies (traditional, secure, agile, and lean),Describe the trade-offs among the philosophies with respect to environmental, organizational, and product constraints,Describe the trade-offs among the philosophies with respect to environmental, organizational, and product constraints,Discuss the workings of exemplary processes within each of the given philosophies,Discuss the workings of exemplary processes within each of the given philosophies,Perform activities within each of the four aforementioned philosophies and explain how they satisfy the principles of the given philosophy,Perform activities within each of the four aforementioned philosophies and explain how they satisfy the principles of the given philosophy,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Software Engineering, Design and Product, Agile Software Development, Problem Solving, Software Architecture, Software Testing, Leadership and Management, Project Management, Scrum (Software Development), Software Engineering Tools, Continuous Delivery, Organizational Development, Product Development, User Experience, Application Development, Planning, Product Management, Collaboration, Estimation, Computer Programming, Search Engine Optimization
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/software-development-lifecycle this url.Course name is Software Testing and Automation. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Minnesota. The course instructor is Mike. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Distinguish between verification and validation describing the key differences between them.,Distinguish between verification and validation describing the key differences between them.,Write automated functional tests for both front-end and back-end code,Write automated functional tests for both front-end and back-end code,Measure the fault-finding effectiveness of a functional test suite using mutation testing.,Measure the fault-finding effectiveness of a functional test suite using mutation testing.,Defend program correctness through the use of formal methods, specifically proof obligations and model checking.,Defend program correctness through the use of formal methods, specifically proof obligations and model checking.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Software Testing, Software Engineering, Computer Programming, Java Programming, Mobile Development Tools, Web Development, Problem Solving, Data Analysis Software, Programming Principles, System Software, Android Development, HTML and CSS, Mobile Development, Other Web Frameworks, Planning, Web Development Tools, iOS Development
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.3. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/software-testing-automation this url.Course name is Satisfaction Guaranteed: Develop Customer Loyalty Online. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Identify common strategies for building customer loyalty in e-commerce,Identify common strategies for building customer loyalty in e-commerce,Successfully manage client relationships and measure satisfaction,Successfully manage client relationships and measure satisfaction,Find, apply for, and prepare for interviews and jobs,Find, apply for, and prepare for interviews and jobs,Put together a portfolio and/or resume to present to employers,Put together a portfolio and/or resume to present to employers,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Digital Marketing, Marketing, Sales, E-Commerce, Social Media
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/satisfaction-guaranteed this url.Course name is React Basics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Meta. The course instructor is Taught by Meta Staff. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Use reusable components to render views where data changes over time,Use reusable components to render views where data changes over time,Organize React projects to create more scalable and maintainable websites and apps,Organize React projects to create more scalable and maintainable websites and apps,Use props to pass data between components. Create dynamic and interactive web pages and apps,Use props to pass data between components. Create dynamic and interactive web pages and apps,Use forms to allow users to interact with the app. Build an application in React,Use forms to allow users to interact with the app. Build an application in React,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  React (web framework), Front-End Web Development, Javascript, Web Development
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/react-basics this url.Course name is Abordaje del riesgo suicida en adolescentes y jóvenes. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Universidad de Chile. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/abordaje-del-riesgo-suicida-en-adolescentes-y-jvenes this url.Course name is Reporting extra-financier et stratégie RSE. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the ESSEC Business School. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Strategy, Audit, Strategy and Operations, Change Management, Communication, Finance, Leadership and Management, Regulations and Compliance
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/reporting-extra-financier-strategie-rse this url.Course name is Google Cloud Fundamentals: Core Infrastructure. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google Cloud. The course instructor is Google Cloud Training. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Identify the purpose and value of Google Cloud products and services.,Identify the purpose and value of Google Cloud products and services.,Define how infrastructure is organized and controlled in Google Cloud,Define how infrastructure is organized and controlled in Google Cloud,Explain how to create a basic infrastructure in Google Cloud,Explain how to create a basic infrastructure in Google Cloud,Select and use Google Cloud storage options,Select and use Google Cloud storage options,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cloud Computing, Cloud Infrastructure, Cloud Platforms, Cloud Storage, Google App Engine, Google Cloud Platform, Kubernetes
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/gcp-fundamentals this url.Course name is Electronic Music Production. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Berklee. The course instructor is Erin Barra. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 The nature of sound and how natural sound is transformed into an electronic signal that we can record,The nature of sound and how natural sound is transformed into an electronic signal that we can record,How to record, edit, and mix live instruments and MIDI in Ableton Live,How to record, edit, and mix live instruments and MIDI in Ableton Live,How to create custom sounds using a synthesizer and how to integrate those custom sounds for your musical compositions,How to create custom sounds using a synthesizer and how to integrate those custom sounds for your musical compositions,How to record, edit, mix, and add effects to vocal tracks for your electronic music productions,How to record, edit, mix, and add effects to vocal tracks for your electronic music productions,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/electronic-music-production this url.Course name is Extract, Transform and Load Data in Power BI. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Microsoft. The course instructor is  Microsoft. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to set up a data source and explain and configure storage modes in Power BI.,How to set up a data source and explain and configure storage modes in Power BI.,,,How to prepare for data modeling by cleaning and transforming data.,How to prepare for data modeling by cleaning and transforming data.,How to use profiling tools to identify data anomalies.,How to use profiling tools to identify data anomalies.,How to reference queries and dataflows and use the Advanced Editor to modify code. ,How to reference queries and dataflows and use the Advanced Editor to modify code. ,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, Data Mining, Extract, Transform, Load, Power BI
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/extract-transform-and-load-data-in-power-bi this url.Course name is Microsoft Azure Security Engineer Associate (AZ-500). This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Microsoft. The course instructor is  Microsoft. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Use Azure Active Directory to create and manage users, manage authentication, and implement identity protection and governance. ,Use Azure Active Directory to create and manage users, manage authentication, and implement identity protection and governance. ,Implement perimeter, network, host, and container security and services such as Azure Key Vault to secure the platform and applications. ,Implement perimeter, network, host, and container security and services such as Azure Key Vault to secure the platform and applications. ,Secure data by implementing storage security, data sovereignty, database monitoring, encryption, & data masking using tools like Defender for Cloud.,Secure data by implementing storage security, data sovereignty, database monitoring, encryption, & data masking using tools like Defender for Cloud.,Manage security operations with Microsoft Defender and use monitoring tools such as Azure Resource Monitor and Azure Monitor Application Insights.,Manage security operations with Microsoft Defender and use monitoring tools such as Azure Resource Monitor and Azure Monitor Application Insights.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/microsoft-azure-security-engineer-associate this url.Course name is Value Chain Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. The course instructor is Gary Hecht, Ph.D.. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Lean Manufacturing,Program Management,Six Sigma,Process Control,Market Analysis,Marketing,Marketing Strategy,Marketing Mix,Process Analytics,Supply Chain,Inventory,Operations Strategy,Management Accounting,Cost Accounting,Activity Based Costing,Cost,Marketing Plan,Marketing Management,Writing,Accounting,Investment,Analysis Of Variance (ANOVA),View all skills,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Accounting, Management Accounting, Account Management, Cost Accounting, Decision Making, Financial Accounting, Financial Analysis, Marketing Management, Marketing, Media Strategy & Planning, Financial Management, Strategy, General Accounting, Brand Management, Market Research, Planning, Budget Management, Communication, Product Management, Market Analysis, Design and Product, Probability Distribution, Advertising Sales, Business Research, Probability & Statistics, Product Marketing, Operations Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/value-chain-management this url.Course name is Introduction to Engineering Mechanics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Georgia Institute of Technology. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/engineering-mechanics-statics this url.Course name is Fundraising and Development. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California, Davis. The course instructor is Brian Casey. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Fundraising,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Planning, Strategy, Communication, Marketing, Leadership and Management, Organizational Development, Prospecting and Qualification, Strategy and Operations, Decision Making, People Development, Taxes
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/fundraising-development this url.Course name is Nuts and Bolts of U.S. Immigration Law. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/us-immigration-law this url.Course name is Rust Programming. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Duke University. The course instructor is Noah Gift. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Computer Programming,Rust (Programming Language),Cargo,Information Engineering,Cloud Computing,Command-Line Interface,Polars,Devops,AWS Lambda,Natural Language Processing,AI pair programming,serverless,View all skills,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, DevOps, Machine Learning, Python Programming, Software Testing, System Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.2. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/rust-programming this url.Course name is Social Media Marketing in Practice. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Digital Marketing Institute. The course instructor is Cathal Melinn. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Build a personal brand on LinkedIn,Use social selling tactics to connect and engage with prospects,Use LinkedIn Campaign Manager to optimize B2B advertising campaigns,Set up a YouTube channel,Use Ads Manager to create and optimize Twitter ads,Build and sustain a social media community,Share and promote social content,Set up a social media experience for a business,Choose social media platforms and tools,Plan a social media advertising strategy,Digital Strategy,Social Media Marketing,Content Marketing,Digital Marketing,Digital transformation,Uncover campaign insights using native Facebook and Snapchat analytics tools,Use Snapchat Ad Manager to set up and optimize SnapAds,Set up advertising on Snapchat,Set up advertising on Facebook and Instagram,Use Facebook Ads Manager to create and optimize ad campaigns,View all skills,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Marketing, Communication, Digital Marketing, Social Media, Strategy, Media Strategy & Planning, Brand Management, Advertising, Strategy and Operations, Leadership and Management, Influencing, Marketing Management, Problem Solving
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/social-media-marketing-practice this url.Course name is Java FullStack Developer. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Board Infinity . The course instructor is Board Infinity. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Master Java fundamentals, object-oriented programming, data structures, and algorithms to write effective, efficient code. ,Master Java fundamentals, object-oriented programming, data structures, and algorithms to write effective, efficient code. ,Leverage Angular for front-end web development. Acquire skills to design, develop, and deploy complex, dynamic, and responsive web applications.,Leverage Angular for front-end web development. Acquire skills to design, develop, and deploy complex, dynamic, and responsive web applications.,Delve into building robust and scalable backend systems using Spring and Spring Boot. Learn how to develop RESTful web services.,Delve into building robust and scalable backend systems using Spring and Spring Boot. Learn how to develop RESTful web services.,Benefit from hands-on learning, applying skills to real-world scenarios to create, integrate, and deploy cloud-ready applications. ,Benefit from hands-on learning, applying skills to real-world scenarios to create, integrate, and deploy cloud-ready applications. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Algorithms, Computer Programming, Java Programming, Javascript, Web Development
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.4. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/java-fullstack this url.Course name is Introduction to Finance: The Basics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Build a financial knowledge base by understanding essential topics in modern finance. ,Build a financial knowledge base by understanding essential topics in modern finance. ,Develop an understanding of the issues managers must consider when making financial decisions.,Develop an understanding of the issues managers must consider when making financial decisions.,Be ready to conduct analysis using information from financial statements.,Be ready to conduct analysis using information from financial statements.,Understand and apply the time value of money in order to value financial and real asset investments and to make investment decisions.,Understand and apply the time value of money in order to value financial and real asset investments and to make investment decisions.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Accounting, Finance, Financial Analysis, Financial Management, Cash Management, Financial Accounting, Leadership and Management, Investment Management, Management Accounting, Taxes
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-to-finance-the-basics this url.Course name is Mathematics for Machine Learning: Linear Algebra. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Imperial College London. The course instructor is David Dye. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Eigenvalues And Eigenvectors,Basis (Linear Algebra),Transformation Matrix,Linear Algebra,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Algebra, Linear Algebra, Mathematics, Python Programming, Computer Programming, Machine Learning Algorithms, Problem Solving, Algorithms, Computer Programming Tools, Machine Learning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/linear-algebra-machine-learning this url.Course name is Data Analysis and Visualization with Power BI. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Microsoft. The course instructor is  Microsoft. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to add visualizations to reports and dashboards. ,How to add visualizations to reports and dashboards. ,How to design accessible reports and dashboards.,How to design accessible reports and dashboards.,How to use visualizations to perform data analysis. ,How to use visualizations to perform data analysis. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, Data Model, Data Visualization, Power BI
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/data-analysis-and-visualization-with-power-bi this url.Course name is Fundamentals of Machine Learning for Healthcare. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Stanford University. The course instructor is Serena Yeung. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Define important relationships between the fields of machine learning, biostatistics, and traditional computer programming.,Define important relationships between the fields of machine learning, biostatistics, and traditional computer programming.,Learn about advanced neural network architectures for tasks ranging from text classification to object detection and segmentation.,Learn about advanced neural network architectures for tasks ranging from text classification to object detection and segmentation.,Learn important approaches for leveraging data to train, validate, and test machine learning models.,Learn important approaches for leveraging data to train, validate, and test machine learning models.,Understand how dynamic medical practice and discontinuous timelines impact clinical machine learning application development and deployment.,Understand how dynamic medical practice and discontinuous timelines impact clinical machine learning application development and deployment.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Critical Thinking, Machine Learning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/fundamental-machine-learning-healthcare this url.Course name is Energy Production, Distribution & Safety. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University at Buffalo. The course instructor is Tom Russo. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/energy-industry this url.Course name is An Introduction to Consumer Neuroscience & Neuromarketing. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Copenhagen Business School. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Consumer Behaviour,Marketing,Consumer Neuroscience,Neuromarketing,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Psychology, Market Research, Marketing, Behavioral Economics, Customer Analysis, Decision Making, People Analysis, Emotional Intelligence, Marketing Psychology, Research and Design
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/neuromarketing this url.Course name is Palliative Care Always. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Stanford University. The course instructor is Jan DeNofrio. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 The scope and role of palliative care as part of a patient and family's care plan,The scope and role of palliative care as part of a patient and family's care plan,Components of a treatment plan for physical, psychosocial, and spiritual care, including screening, assessment and management of patient needs     ,Components of a treatment plan for physical, psychosocial, and spiritual care, including screening, assessment and management of patient needs     ,Effective communication skills for responding to emotion, delivering difficult news, and discussing goals of care,Effective communication skills for responding to emotion, delivering difficult news, and discussing goals of care,Issues around transitions in care (e.g. survivorship or hospice transition)  ,Issues around transitions in care (e.g. survivorship or hospice transition)  ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, Planning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/palliative-care-always this url.Course name is Understanding Clinical Research: Behind the Statistics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Cape Town. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to make sense of statistical results presented in the published literature and research.,How to make sense of statistical results presented in the published literature and research.,An overview of widely used statistical analysis techniques and how to interpret their results.,An overview of widely used statistical analysis techniques and how to interpret their results.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Basic Descriptive Statistics, Data Analysis, General Statistics, Probability & Statistics, Statistical Tests, Critical Thinking, Biostatistics, Clinical Data Management, Statistical Visualization
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/clinical-research this url.Course name is Customer Analytics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Eric Bradlow. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Predictive Analytics,Customer Analytics,Marketing Performance Measurement And Management,Regression Analysis,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Basic Descriptive Statistics, Business Analysis, Customer Analysis, Data Analysis, Data Model, Exploratory Data Analysis, Market Analysis, Market Research, Marketing, Strategy
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/wharton-customer-analytics this url.Course name is Build Basic Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs). This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Sharon Zhou. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Components of GANs,WGANs,DCGANs,Controllable Generation,Conditional Generation,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Artificial Neural Networks, Machine Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Machine Learning Software, Python Programming, Statistical Programming, Deep Learning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/build-basic-generative-adversarial-networks-gans this url.Course name is Neuroscience and Neuroimaging. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Johns Hopkins University. The course instructor is John Muschelli III . The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Learn about fMRI data design, structure and acquisition.,Learn about fMRI data design, structure and acquisition.,Familiarize yourself with fMRI Artifacts and types of noise.,Familiarize yourself with fMRI Artifacts and types of noise.,Learn how to read/write images of the brain in NIfTI format.,Learn how to read/write images of the brain in NIfTI format.,Learn about Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy.,Learn about Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Statistical Programming, R Programming, Probability & Statistics, Data Management, Data Structures, Data Analysis, Statistical Analysis, Data Visualization, Visualization (Computer Graphics), General Statistics, Research and Design, Experiment, Correlation And Dependence, Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Process Analysis, Spatial Analysis, Spatial Data Analysis, Bioinformatics, Extract, Transform, Load, Computer Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/computational-neuroscience this url.Course name is Introduction to Technical Writing. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Board Infinity . The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Dive deep into the nuances of technical writing, understanding its history, significance, and distinctions from other writing forms.,Dive deep into the nuances of technical writing, understanding its history, significance, and distinctions from other writing forms.,Master the art of designing technical documents, leveraging essential writing tools, and collaborating effectively with platforms like GitHub.,Master the art of designing technical documents, leveraging essential writing tools, and collaborating effectively with platforms like GitHub.,Craft diverse technical documents, from user manuals to API docs, while maintaining the highest ethical standards and ensuring accessibility.,Craft diverse technical documents, from user manuals to API docs, while maintaining the highest ethical standards and ensuring accessibility.,Navigate career growth in technical writing by building a robust portfolio, networking effectively, and adapting to emerging technologies.,Navigate career growth in technical writing by building a robust portfolio, networking effectively, and adapting to emerging technologies.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Writing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 3.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/technical-writing-introduction this url.Course name is Contabilidad para no contadores. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Financial Accounting,Accounting,Financial Statement,Interpretation,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Accounting, Finance, Financial Accounting, General Accounting, Accounts Payable and Receivable, Business Analysis, Financial Analysis, Operational Analysis, Planning, Account Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/contabilidad this url.Course name is Addiction Treatment: Clinical Skills for Healthcare Providers. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Yale University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Substance Use Disorder,Substance Use Disorder Screening,Substance Use Disorder Treatment,Substance Use Disorder Diagnosis,Substance Use Disorder Prevention,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/addiction-treatment this url.Course name is CVS Health Call Center Customer Service. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the CVS Health. The course instructor is Denielle Booth. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Create positive interactions with customers and de-escalate conflict,Create positive interactions with customers and de-escalate conflict,Create solutions to customer problems,Create solutions to customer problems,Describe different roles in call center customer service,Describe different roles in call center customer service,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, Leadership and Management, Problem Solving
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/cvshealth-call-center-customer-service this url.Course name is Object-Oriented Data Structures in C++. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. The course instructor is Wade Fagen-Ulmschneider. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  C Programming Language Family, Computer Programming, Data Structures, Theoretical Computer Science
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/cs-fundamentals-1 this url.Course name is AI for Medical Diagnosis. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Pranav Rajpurkar. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Multi-class classification,Image Segmentation,Machine Learning,Deep Learning,model evaluation,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Artificial Neural Networks, Deep Learning, Python Programming, Statistical Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/ai-for-medical-diagnosis this url.Course name is Excel to MySQL: Analytic Techniques for Business. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Duke University. The course instructor is Jana Schaich Borg. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Business Communication,Big Data,Binary Classification,Data Analysis,Microsoft Excel,Business Analysis,SQL,Business Analytics,Tableau Software,Data Visualization,MySQL,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Analysis, Data Analysis, Data Model, Spreadsheet Software, Statistical Analysis, Exploratory Data Analysis, Probability & Statistics, Critical Thinking, Data Analysis Software, Financial Analysis, General Statistics, Mathematics, Data Management, Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Regression, Databases, Statistical Tests, Big Data, Data Structures, SQL, Microsoft Excel, Data Visualization Software, Database Theory, Extract, Transform, Load, Linear Algebra, Cost Accounting, Tableau Software, Data Visualization
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/excel-mysql this url.Course name is Applied Data Science Capstone. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Yan Luo. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Demonstrate proficiency in data science and machine learning techniques using a real-world data set and prepare a report for stakeholders   ,Demonstrate proficiency in data science and machine learning techniques using a real-world data set and prepare a report for stakeholders   ,Apply your skills to perform data collection, data wrangling, exploratory data analysis, data visualization model development, and model evaluation,Apply your skills to perform data collection, data wrangling, exploratory data analysis, data visualization model development, and model evaluation,Write Python code to create machine learning models including support vector machines, decision tree classifiers, and k-nearest neighbors  ,Write Python code to create machine learning models including support vector machines, decision tree classifiers, and k-nearest neighbors  ,Evaluate the results of machine learning models for predictive analysis, compare their strengths and weaknesses and identify the optimal model   ,Evaluate the results of machine learning models for predictive analysis, compare their strengths and weaknesses and identify the optimal model   ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Python Programming, Data Analysis, Machine Learning, Algorithms, Computer Programming, Data Science, Exploratory Data Analysis
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/applied-data-science-capstone this url.Course name is Customer Service Fundamentals. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Knowledge Accelerators. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Process Management,Communication,Problem Solving,IT Customer Support,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, Customer Support, Leadership and Management, Problem Solving, Customer Relationship Management, Customer Success, Strategy, Adaptability, Critical Thinking, User Experience
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/customer-service-fundamentals this url.Course name is Clinical Terminology for International and U.S. Students. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pittsburgh. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 English Language,Clinical Experience,Vital Signs,Medical Device,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/clinical-terminology this url.Course name is Data Mining. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. The course instructor is John C. Hart. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Data Clustering Algorithms,Text Mining,Data Visualization,Data Mining,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Data Analysis, Data Mining, Machine Learning Algorithms, Natural Language Processing, Probability & Statistics, Data Visualization, Bayesian Statistics, General Statistics, Probability Distribution, Statistical Programming, Algorithms, Python Programming, Data Visualization Software
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/data-mining this url.Course name is Business Statistics and Analysis. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Rice University. The course instructor is Sharad Borle. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Microsoft Excel,Linear Regression,Statistical Hypothesis Testing,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Probability & Statistics, Statistical Analysis, Business Analysis, General Statistics, Data Analysis, Spreadsheet Software, Basic Descriptive Statistics, Microsoft Excel, Statistical Tests, Probability Distribution, Business Intelligence, Data Analysis Software, Regression, Data Management, Critical Thinking, Data Visualization, Plot (Graphics), Statistical Visualization, Decision Making
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/business-statistics-analysis this url.Course name is Healthcare Management and Finance. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Michigan. The course instructor is  Michael Rubyan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Develop a foundational knowledge of healthcare organizations’ structure, management, marketing, leadership, and philanthropic work.,Develop a foundational knowledge of healthcare organizations’ structure, management, marketing, leadership, and philanthropic work.,Evaluate the financial performance of healthcare organizations.,Evaluate the financial performance of healthcare organizations.,Build financial models for business planning in healthcare organizations. ,Build financial models for business planning in healthcare organizations. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Accounting, Financial Accounting, Financial Analysis, Financial Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 5.0. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/healthcare-management-and-finance this url.Course name is Navigating Generative AI: A CEO Playbook. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Coursera . The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 A practical overview of GenAI’s capabilities, limitations, and where it may be heading ,A practical overview of GenAI’s capabilities, limitations, and where it may be heading ,How to use GenAI as a "thought partner” to set strategy, improve decision-making, analyze competition, and communicate more effectively,How to use GenAI as a "thought partner” to set strategy, improve decision-making, analyze competition, and communicate more effectively,How to enable your organization to use GenAI to create customer value and boost productivity,How to enable your organization to use GenAI to create customer value and boost productivity,How to move quickly and safely with an understanding of the risks associated with this technology,How to move quickly and safely with an understanding of the risks associated with this technology,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/navigating-generative-ai-ceo-playbook-v2 this url.Course name is Pre-MBA Statistics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IIMA - IIM Ahmedabad. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Explore the types of data and the basics of probability.,Explore the types of data and the basics of probability.,Describe how a relatively small sample of data can help to infer about a large population.,Describe how a relatively small sample of data can help to infer about a large population.,Justify arguments about a population based on limited data.,Justify arguments about a population based on limited data.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, Data Science, General Statistics
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/pre-mbastatistics this url.Course name is Introduction to Computer Vision and Image Processing. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Aije Egwaikhide. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describe the applications of computer vision across different industries.,Describe the applications of computer vision across different industries.,Apply image processing and analysis techniques to computer vision problems.,Apply image processing and analysis techniques to computer vision problems.,Utilize Python, Pillow, and OpenCV for basic image processing and perform image classification and object detection.,Utilize Python, Pillow, and OpenCV for basic image processing and perform image classification and object detection.,Create an image classifier using Supervised learning techniques.,Create an image classifier using Supervised learning techniques.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Vision, Deep Learning, Machine Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Artificial Neural Networks, Visualization (Computer Graphics), Algorithms, Applied Machine Learning, Machine Learning Software, Python Programming, Computer Programming, Data Science
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.3. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-computer-vision-watson-opencv this url.Course name is Optical Engineering. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Colorado Boulder. The course instructor is Robert McLeod. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Specify an optical system and potential solutions to meet those specs,Specify an optical system and potential solutions to meet those specs,Transform layouts into optical designs including real optical components,Transform layouts into optical designs including real optical components,Analyze you designs in an industry standard optical design code, OpticStudio by Zemax,  to validate and optimize the design,Analyze you designs in an industry standard optical design code, OpticStudio by Zemax,  to validate and optimize the design,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Systems Design, Algorithms
. The level of difficulty for this course is Advanced. Currently the course has a rating of 4.4. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/optical-engineering this url.Course name is Aprender. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Plan,Language,Scanning,The 7 Habits Of Highly Effective People,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Human Learning, Planning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/aprendo this url.Course name is Game Design: Art and Concepts. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the California Institute of the Arts. The course instructor is Dariush Derakhshani. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Ways to create and describe a game concept,Ways to create and describe a game concept,,,Evaluation and interpretion of different story styles ,Evaluation and interpretion of different story styles ,,,Concepts and approaches involved in creating successful character designs,Concepts and approaches involved in creating successful character designs,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Creativity, Storytelling, Writing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/game-design this url.Course name is Sequences, Time Series and Prediction. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Laurence Moroney. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Solve time series and forecasting problems in TensorFlow,Solve time series and forecasting problems in TensorFlow,Prepare data for time series learning using best practices,Prepare data for time series learning using best practices,Explore how RNNs and ConvNets can be used for predictions,Explore how RNNs and ConvNets can be used for predictions,Build a sunspot prediction model using real-world data,Build a sunspot prediction model using real-world data,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Forecasting, Tensorflow, Applied Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Artificial Neural Networks, Human Learning, Data Visualization, Machine Learning Algorithms, Statistical Analysis
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/tensorflow-sequences-time-series-and-prediction this url.Course name is Introduction to Logic and Critical Thinking. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Duke University. The course instructor is Dr. Walter  Sinnott-Armstrong. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand and appreciate arguments that you and other people present,Understand and appreciate arguments that you and other people present,Determine whether or not an argument is deductively valid,Determine whether or not an argument is deductively valid,Analyze and assess five common forms of inductive arguments,Analyze and assess five common forms of inductive arguments, Recognize fallacies, Recognize fallacies,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Critical Thinking, Human Learning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/logic-critical-thinking-duke this url.Course name is Natural Language Processing with Probabilistic Models. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Younes Bensouda Mourri. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Use dynamic programming, hidden Markov models, and word embeddings to implement autocorrect, autocomplete & identify part-of-speech tags for words.,Use dynamic programming, hidden Markov models, and word embeddings to implement autocorrect, autocomplete & identify part-of-speech tags for words.,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Python Programming, Statistical Programming, Statistical Machine Learning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/probabilistic-models-in-nlp this url.Course name is AI Engineering. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Scrimba. The course instructor is Per Harald Borgen. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Get familiar with the basics of AI Engineering,Get familiar with the basics of AI Engineering,Create text embeddings and work with vector databases,Create text embeddings and work with vector databases,Build AI agents that utilise tools and interact with APIs,Build AI agents that utilise tools and interact with APIs,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/ai-engineering this url.Course name is Site Reliability Engineering: Measuring and Managing Reliability. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google Cloud. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to make systems reliable,How to make systems reliable,Quantifying risks to and consequences of SLOs,Quantifying risks to and consequences of SLOs,Understanding SLIs, SLOs and SLAs,Understanding SLIs, SLOs and SLAs,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  DevOps, Software Engineering, Strategy and Operations, Decision Making, Leadership and Management, Operational Analysis, Performance Management, User Experience, Problem Solving, Operations Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/site-reliability-engineering-slos this url.Course name is Autodesk CAD/CAM/CAE for Mechanical Engineering. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Autodesk. The course instructor is Autodesk. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Demonstrate creative confidence when choosing a design strategy for developing mechanical designs based on engineering requirements.,Demonstrate creative confidence when choosing a design strategy for developing mechanical designs based on engineering requirements.,Prepare designs for manufacture applying industry-based computer-aided manufacturing skills and manufacturing principles.,Prepare designs for manufacture applying industry-based computer-aided manufacturing skills and manufacturing principles.,Create adaptive toolpaths to remove material from designs efficiently.,Create adaptive toolpaths to remove material from designs efficiently.,Demonstrate simulation driven design (SDD) for new product development.,Demonstrate simulation driven design (SDD) for new product development.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/autodesk-cad-cam-cae-mechanical-engineering this url.Course name is Oil & Gas Industry Operations and Markets. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Duke University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Energy,Geology,Directional Drilling,Enhanced Oil Recovery,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/oilandgas this url.Course name is Executive Data Science. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Johns Hopkins University. The course instructor is Roger D. Peng, PhD. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Become conversant in the field and understand your role as a leader.,Become conversant in the field and understand your role as a leader.,Recruit, assemble, evaluate, and develop a team with complementary skill sets and roles.,Recruit, assemble, evaluate, and develop a team with complementary skill sets and roles.,Navigate the structure of the data science pipeline by understanding the goals of each stage and keeping your team on target throughout.,Navigate the structure of the data science pipeline by understanding the goals of each stage and keeping your team on target throughout.,Overcome the common challenges that frequently derail data science projects.,Overcome the common challenges that frequently derail data science projects.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, Exploratory Data Analysis, Probability & Statistics, Data Management, Critical Thinking, General Statistics, Leadership and Management, Data Model, Decision Making, Experiment, Statistical Analysis, Data Analysis Software, Machine Learning, Statistical Visualization, Correlation And Dependence, Data Visualization, Machine Learning Algorithms, Strategy and Operations, Human Resources, Talent Management, Communication, Human Learning, Organizational Development, People Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/executive-data-science this url.Course name is Gamification. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Psychology,Gamification,Marketing,Game Design,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Game Theory, Critical Thinking, User Experience, Business Psychology, Strategy, User Experience Design, Behavioral Economics, Marketing Psychology, Problem Solving, Product Design
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/gamification this url.Course name is Microeconomics Principles. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Identifying hidden costs of anything,Identifying hidden costs of anything,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Behavioral Economics, Decision Making, Market Research, Market Analysis, Strategy, Problem Solving, Business Analysis, Econometrics, Strategy and Operations
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/microeconomics this url.Course name is Supply Chain Logistics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Rutgers the State University of New Jersey. The course instructor is Rudolf Leuschner, Ph.D.. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Warehouse Management,Logistics Planning,Supply Chain,Inventory,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Continuous Delivery, Leadership and Management, Material Handling, Planning, Shipping and Receiving, Store Management, Supplier Relationship Management, Supply Chain Systems, Supply Chain and Logistics, Transportation Operations Management, Warehouse Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/supply-chain-logistics this url.Course name is Introduction to Spreadsheets and Models. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Don Huesman. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Monte Carlo Method,Microsoft Excel,Linear Programming (LP),Solver,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, Forecasting, General Statistics, Microsoft Excel, Spreadsheet Software, Statistical Analysis, Basic Descriptive Statistics, Business Analysis, Statistical Tests, Mathematics, Computer Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.2. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/wharton-introduction-spreadsheets-models this url.Course name is Diversity and inclusion in the workplace. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the ESSEC Business School. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Human Resources, Leadership and Management, Organizational Development, Change Management, Critical Thinking, Employee Relations, People Analysis, Professional Development, Talent Management, Adaptability, Training
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/diversity-inclusion-workplace this url.Course name is Overcoming Dyslexia. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Yale University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand the latest progress being made in dyslexia research,Understand the latest progress being made in dyslexia research,Acquire practical skills, interventions, and strategies to enable anyone dyslexia to overcome their difficulties and thrive in life and in school,Acquire practical skills, interventions, and strategies to enable anyone dyslexia to overcome their difficulties and thrive in life and in school,Learn the three relevant federal statutes affecting interventions and accommodations for dyslexic students: IDEA, ADAAA, and section 504,Learn the three relevant federal statutes affecting interventions and accommodations for dyslexic students: IDEA, ADAAA, and section 504,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/dyslexia this url.Course name is Marketing digital e e-commerce do Google. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Aprender os fundamentos do marketing digital e e-commerce para desenvolver as habilidades essenciais para uma vaga de trabalho de iniciante,Aprender os fundamentos do marketing digital e e-commerce para desenvolver as habilidades essenciais para uma vaga de trabalho de iniciante,Atrair e engajar clientes por meio de canais de marketing digital, como busca e e-mail,Atrair e engajar clientes por meio de canais de marketing digital, como busca e e-mail,Medir os resultados de ações de marketing por meio de análises e insights presentes,Medir os resultados de ações de marketing por meio de análises e insights presentes,Criar lojas de e-commerce, analisar o desempenho on-line e aumentar a fidelidade do cliente,Criar lojas de e-commerce, analisar o desempenho on-line e aumentar a fidelidade do cliente,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  E-Commerce, Marketing, Search Engine Optimization
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/marketing-digital-e-e-commerce-do-google this url.Course name is Fundamentos del marketing digital y comercio electrónico. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describir las responsabilidades de un/a coordinador/a de marketing digital y un/a analista de comercio electrónico de nivel inicial (o similar).,Describir las responsabilidades de un/a coordinador/a de marketing digital y un/a analista de comercio electrónico de nivel inicial (o similar).,Describir las responsabilidades laborales de un/a coordinador/a de marketing digital y un/a analista de comercio electrónico de nivel inicial,Describir las responsabilidades laborales de un/a coordinador/a de marketing digital y un/a analista de comercio electrónico de nivel inicial,Explicar el concepto del embudo de marketing,Explicar el concepto del embudo de marketing,Comprender los elementos y objetivos de una estrategia de marketing digital y comercio electrónico,Comprender los elementos y objetivos de una estrategia de marketing digital y comercio electrónico,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  E-Commerce, Marketing, Strategy
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/fundamentos-del-marketing-digital-y-comercio-electronico this url.Course name is Digital Product Management: Modern Fundamentals. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Virginia. The course instructor is Alex Cowan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to create the actionable focus to successfully manage your product  ,How to create the actionable focus to successfully manage your product  ,How to focus your work using modern product management methods  ,How to focus your work using modern product management methods  ,How to manage new products and explore new product ideas ,How to manage new products and explore new product ideas ,How to manage and amplify existing products  ,How to manage and amplify existing products  ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Product Management, Leadership and Management, Planning, Product Strategy, Strategy
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/uva-darden-digital-product-management this url.Course name is Finance for Non-Finance Professionals. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Rice University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Financial Accounting,Capital Budgeting,Corporate Finance,Finance,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Accounting, Business Analysis, Data Analysis, Finance, Financial Analysis, Financial Management, Financial Accounting, Investment Management, Budget Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/finance-for-non-finance this url.Course name is Introduction to Deep Learning & Neural Networks with Keras. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Alex Aklson. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Artificial Intelligence (AI),Artificial Neural Network,Machine Learning,Deep Learning,keras,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Algorithms, Artificial Neural Networks, Deep Learning, Human Learning, Machine Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Network Model, Applied Machine Learning, Network Architecture, Python Programming, Regression
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-to-deep-learning-with-keras this url.Course name is CAD and Digital Manufacturing. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Autodesk. The course instructor is Autodesk. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Computer-Aided Design (CAD),Autodesk,Manufacturing Processes,Sustainable Design,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Design and Product, Product Design, Feature Engineering, Computer Graphics, Interactive Design, Computer Graphic Techniques, Graphics Software, Research and Design, Software Engineering Tools, Graphic Design, Visualization (Computer Graphics), Hardware Design, Product Development, Visual Design, Geometry, User Experience Design, Strategy and Operations, Communication, Decision Making, Product Management, System Software, Collaboration, Computer Programming, Other Cloud Platforms and Tools
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/cad-design-digital-manufacturing this url.Course name is Creative Thinking: Techniques and Tools for Success. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Imperial College London. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand what creative thinking techniques are,Understand what creative thinking techniques are,Comprehend their importance in tackling global challenges as well as in everyday problem-solving scenarios,Comprehend their importance in tackling global challenges as well as in everyday problem-solving scenarios,Select and apply the appropriate technique based on the opportunity to seize or the problem to tackle,Select and apply the appropriate technique based on the opportunity to seize or the problem to tackle,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Creativity, Problem Solving, Collaboration, Communication
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/creative-thinking-techniques-and-tools-for-success this url.Course name is Entrepreneurship 1: Developing the Opportunity. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Lori Rosenkopf. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Discovery-Driven Planning,Elevator Pitch,Planning,Entrepreneurship,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Entrepreneurship, Planning, Strategy, Business Analysis, Business Design, Business Development, Critical Thinking, Design and Product, Innovation, Product Strategy
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/wharton-entrepreneurship-opportunity this url.Course name is Animal Behaviour and Welfare. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the The University of Edinburgh. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Animal,Animal Behavior,Veterinary,Dog,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/animal-welfare this url.Course name is Deep Neural Networks with PyTorch. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Joseph Santarcangelo. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Demonstrate your comprehension of deep learning algorithims and implement them using Pytorch. ,Demonstrate your comprehension of deep learning algorithims and implement them using Pytorch. ,Explain and apply knowledge of Deep Neural Networks and related machine learning methods.,Explain and apply knowledge of Deep Neural Networks and related machine learning methods.,Describe how to use Python libraries such as PyTorch for Deep Learning applications.,Describe how to use Python libraries such as PyTorch for Deep Learning applications.,Build Deep Neural Networks using PyTorch.,Build Deep Neural Networks using PyTorch.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Human Learning, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Python Programming, Artificial Neural Networks, Machine Learning Algorithms, Applied Machine Learning, Algorithms, Regression, Statistical Machine Learning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.4. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/deep-neural-networks-with-pytorch this url.Course name is Getting Started with Git and GitHub. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Rav Ahuja. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describe version control and its place in social and collaborative coding and in DevOps. ,Describe version control and its place in social and collaborative coding and in DevOps. ,Explain basic Git concepts such as repositories and branches used for distributed version control and social coding.,Explain basic Git concepts such as repositories and branches used for distributed version control and social coding.,Create GitHub repositories and branches, and perform pull requests (PRs) and merge operations, to collaborate on a team project.,Create GitHub repositories and branches, and perform pull requests (PRs) and merge operations, to collaborate on a team project.,Build your portfolio by creating and sharing an open-source project on GitHub. ,Build your portfolio by creating and sharing an open-source project on GitHub. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Collaboration, Leadership and Management, Mergers & Acquisitions, Software Engineering, Software Engineering Tools
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/getting-started-with-git-and-github this url.Course name is Introduction to Business. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California, Irvine. The course instructor is Marla Noel. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Determine content that resonates with consumers and how businesses can differentiate themselves in competitive markets with that content.,Determine content that resonates with consumers and how businesses can differentiate themselves in competitive markets with that content.,Explore business growth best practices, including the basics of management, employee leadership development, and strategic planning.,Explore business growth best practices, including the basics of management, employee leadership development, and strategic planning.,Utilize critical financial information to help run and grow a business while managing cash flow and expenses.,Utilize critical financial information to help run and grow a business while managing cash flow and expenses.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Marketing, Strategy and Operations, Accounting, Digital Marketing, Entrepreneurship, Finance, Financial Management, Leadership and Management, Financial Accounting, Financial Analysis, General Accounting, People Management, Planning, Sales, Strategy, Supply Chain and Logistics, Storytelling
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/business-introduction this url.Course name is AI Strategy and Governance. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Kartik Hosanagar. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Data Analysis, Applied Machine Learning, Business Transformation, Decision Making, Human Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Regulations and Compliance, Strategy
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/wharton-ai-strategy-governance this url.Course name is Introducción a la programación en Python I: Aprendiendo a programar con Python. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Computer Programming,Python Programming,List & Label,Programming Language,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computational Logic, Computer Programming, Programming Principles, Python Programming, Algorithms, Data Analysis, Computer Programming Tools, Computational Thinking, System Programming, Problem Solving
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.4. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/aprendiendo-programar-python this url.Course name is Goodwill® Career Coach and Navigator. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Goodwill Industries International. The course instructor is Goodwill Academy. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Foundational concepts of Career Coaching and Navigating,Foundational concepts of Career Coaching and Navigating,Career possibilities for Career Navigators and Career Coaches,Career possibilities for Career Navigators and Career Coaches,Common Career Development theories, models, and tools,Common Career Development theories, models, and tools,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Critical Thinking, Customer Relationship Management, Customer Success, Human Learning, People Management, Problem Solving, Professional Development, Communication, Recruitment
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/goodwill-career-coach-and-navigator this url.Course name is Functional Programming in Scala. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne. The course instructor is Martin Odersky. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Write purely functional programs using recursion, pattern matching, and higher-order functions,Write purely functional programs using recursion, pattern matching, and higher-order functions,Design immutable data structures,Design immutable data structures,Write programs that effectively use parallel collections to achieve performance,Write programs that effectively use parallel collections to achieve performance,Manipulate data with Spark and Scala,Manipulate data with Spark and Scala,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, Programming Principles, Scala Programming, Theoretical Computer Science, Computational Thinking, Critical Thinking, Data Structures, Big Data, Algorithms, Apache, SQL
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/scala this url.Course name is Introduction to Computer Science and Programming. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of London. The course instructor is Dr Simon Katan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 1. Use the Javascript language to create interactive programs in the browser with 2D graphics.,1. Use the Javascript language to create interactive programs in the browser with 2D graphics.,2. Convert between number bases, work with modular arithmetic, sequences and series and plot graphs.,2. Convert between number bases, work with modular arithmetic, sequences and series and plot graphs.,3. Develop and use mental models to describe the workings of a range of computer systems.,3. Develop and use mental models to describe the workings of a range of computer systems.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Mathematics, Problem Solving, Algebra, Calculus, Computer Networking, Applied Mathematics, Critical Thinking, Theoretical Computer Science, Computer Programming, Javascript
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.2. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/introduction-computer-science-programming this url.Course name is Business Strategies for A Better World. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Christopher Geczy. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Social Return On Investment (SROI),Corruption,Social Entrepreneurship,Socially Responsible Investing,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Strategy, Critical Thinking, Strategy and Operations, Leadership and Management, Decision Making, Business Analysis, Business Development, Entrepreneurship, People Development, Business Psychology, Business Transformation, Data Analysis, Organizational Development, People Analysis, Problem Solving, Business Process Management, General Statistics, Geostatistics, Planning, Human Learning, Regulations and Compliance, Basic Descriptive Statistics, Econometrics, Finance, Operations Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/wharton-global-business-strategy this url.Course name is Introduction to Python Programming. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Brandon Krakowsky. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Identify core aspects of programming and features of the Python language,Identify core aspects of programming and features of the Python language,Understand and apply core programming concepts like data structures, conditionals, loops, variables, and functions,Understand and apply core programming concepts like data structures, conditionals, loops, variables, and functions,Use different tools for writing and running Python code,Use different tools for writing and running Python code,Design and write fully-functional Python programs using commonly used data structures, custom functions, and reading and writing to files,Design and write fully-functional Python programs using commonly used data structures, custom functions, and reading and writing to files,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Python Programming, Computer Programming, Programming Principles, Computational Logic, Computational Thinking, Computer Programming Tools, Critical Thinking, Problem Solving, Data Structures
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/python-programming-intro this url.Course name is AI For Everyone （すべての人のためのAIリテラシー講座）. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Applied Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Machine Learning, Machine Learning Software, Business Analysis, Business Process Management, Data Analysis, Human Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Algorithms, General Statistics
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/ai-for-everyone-ja this url.Course name is Music Business. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Berklee. The course instructor is John P. Kellogg, Esq.. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to navigate the music business as an independent artist, including how to network, leverage social media, and launch a crowdfunding campaign,How to navigate the music business as an independent artist, including how to network, leverage social media, and launch a crowdfunding campaign,Discuss how the music business functions, including the various roles within the business, contract agreements, and how artists make money,Discuss how the music business functions, including the various roles within the business, contract agreements, and how artists make money,Discuss the exclusive rights granted by copyright law and explain how to leverage those rights as a creator ,Discuss the exclusive rights granted by copyright law and explain how to leverage those rights as a creator ,Leverage skills used in musicianship to become a more effective entrepreneur,Leverage skills used in musicianship to become a more effective entrepreneur,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Critical Thinking, Creativity, Regulations and Compliance, Strategy, Decision Making, Problem Solving, Process Analysis, Communication, Leadership and Management, Brand Management, Entrepreneurship, Planning, Writing, Business Analysis, Deep Learning, Strategy and Operations, Marketing, Innovation
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/music-business this url.Course name is Trading Strategies in Emerging Markets. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Indian School of Business. The course instructor is Prasanna Tantri. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Trading Strategy,Algorithmic Trading,Financial Ratio,Trading,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Finance, Investment Management, Financial Analysis, Securities Trading, Accounting, Algorithms, Strategy, Financial Accounting, Market Analysis, Business Analysis, Statistical Analysis, Financial Management, Risk Management, Strategy and Operations, Account Management, Data Analysis, General Accounting, Performance Management, Correlation And Dependence, Statistical Tests
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.2. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/trading-strategy this url.Course name is International Humanitarian Law in Theory and Practice. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Universiteit Leiden. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 International Humanitarian Law,International Law,Law,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/international-humanitarian-law this url.Course name is Machine Learning Modeling Pipelines in Production. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Robert Crowe. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Apply techniques to manage modeling resources and best serve batch and real-time inference requests.,Apply techniques to manage modeling resources and best serve batch and real-time inference requests.,Use analytics to address model fairness, explainability issues, and mitigate bottlenecks.,Use analytics to address model fairness, explainability issues, and mitigate bottlenecks.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cloud Computing, Google Cloud Platform, Machine Learning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Advanced. Currently the course has a rating of 4.4. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning-modeling-pipelines-in-production this url.Course name is SAS Visual Business Analytics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the SAS. The course instructor is Nicole Ball. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to explore data using SAS Visual Analytics,How to explore data using SAS Visual Analytics,How to create interactive reports using SAS Visual Analytics,How to create interactive reports using SAS Visual Analytics,How to prepare data using SAS Data Studio,How to prepare data using SAS Data Studio,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, Data Visualization, SAS (Software), Business Analysis, Interactive Data Visualization, Data Analysis Software, Statistical Visualization, Data Management, Statistical Programming, Data Visualization Software, Business Intelligence, Exploratory Data Analysis, Data Structures, Statistical Analysis, Visualization (Computer Graphics), Computer Graphics, Network Analysis, Algorithms, Forecasting
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/sas-visual-business-analytics this url.Course name is Learn English: Beginning Grammar. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California, Irvine. The course instructor is Rachel Fernandez. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Writing, Communication
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/learn-english-beginning-grammar this url.Course name is Vivre avec le TDAH à travers les âges. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Geneva. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
  Comprendre ce qu'est le TDAH et les défis reliés à ce trouble., Comprendre ce qu'est le TDAH et les défis reliés à ce trouble., Se familiariser avec les enjeux diagnostics et thérapeutiques de ce trouble.  , Se familiariser avec les enjeux diagnostics et thérapeutiques de ce trouble.  , Connaître les interventions biologiques, psychologiques et environnementales.  , Connaître les interventions biologiques, psychologiques et environnementales.  ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/tdah this url.Course name is Spanish for Successful Communication in Healthcare Settings. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Rice University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/spanish-in-healthcare-settings this url.Course name is Entrepreneurial Finance: Strategy and Innovation. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Duke University. The course instructor is Manuel Adelino. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Valuate entrepreneurial ventures using Excel,Valuate entrepreneurial ventures using Excel,Build capitalization tables in Excel and explore different financing strategies for your startup company,Build capitalization tables in Excel and explore different financing strategies for your startup company, Identify opportunities to use blockchain to disrupt and innovate business models, Identify opportunities to use blockchain to disrupt and innovate business models,Use R programming to calculate the return of a stock portfolio,Use R programming to calculate the return of a stock portfolio,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Finance, Entrepreneurial Finance, Risk Management, Probability & Statistics, R Programming, Entrepreneurship, Data Analysis, Investment Management, Statistical Analysis, Statistical Programming, Financial Analysis, Leadership and Management, BlockChain, Cryptography, FinTech, Statistical Tests, Financial Management, Algorithms, Innovation, System Security, Microsoft Excel
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/entrepreneurial-finance this url.Course name is Natural Language Processing in TensorFlow. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Laurence Moroney. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Build natural language processing systems using TensorFlow,Build natural language processing systems using TensorFlow,Process text, including tokenization and representing sentences as vectors,Process text, including tokenization and representing sentences as vectors,Apply RNNs, GRUs, and LSTMs in TensorFlow,Apply RNNs, GRUs, and LSTMs in TensorFlow,Train LSTMs on existing text to create original poetry and more,Train LSTMs on existing text to create original poetry and more,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Deep Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Tensorflow, Python Programming, Computer Programming, Artificial Neural Networks, Machine Learning Software, Network Model
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/natural-language-processing-tensorflow this url.Course name is Psychological Research. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the American Psychological Association. The course instructor is Mike Stadler, PhD. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Ethical Practices in Research,Ethical Practices in Research,Data Analysis and Statistics,Data Analysis and Statistics,Quantitative Research Methods,Quantitative Research Methods,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, General Statistics, Research and Design
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/psychological-research this url.Course name is Artificial Intelligence: an Overview. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Politecnico di Milano. The course instructor is Marcello Restelli. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Artificial Intelligence (AI),Ethical issues of artificial intelligence,Machine Learning,Legal issues of artificial intelligence,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Leadership and Management, Algorithms, Machine Learning Algorithms, Human Computer Interaction, Human Learning, Regulations and Compliance, Reinforcement Learning, Computational Thinking, Critical Thinking, Strategy, Planning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/artificial-intelligence-overview this url.Course name is AI, Business & the Future of Work. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Lund University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How AI can give you better information upon which to make better decisions.,How AI can give you better information upon which to make better decisions.,How AI can help you automate processes and become more efficient.,How AI can help you automate processes and become more efficient.,How AI will impact your industry so that you can avoid the pitfalls and seize the benefits.,How AI will impact your industry so that you can avoid the pitfalls and seize the benefits.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Strategy, Algorithms, Human Computer Interaction, Human Resources, Machine Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Human Learning, Machine Learning Software, Organizational Development, Training
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/ai-business-future-of-work this url.Course name is Introduction to Forensic Science. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Nanyang Technological University, Singapore. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Critical Thinking
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/forensic-science this url.Course name is Circular Economy - Sustainable Materials Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Lund University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Environmental Policy,Policy Analysis,Business Model,Business Analysis,Material Design,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Design, Business Transformation, Product Design, Product Strategy, Strategy, Innovation
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/circular-economy this url.Course name is Introduction to Google SEO. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California, Davis. The course instructor is Rebekah May. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Critique the role of advertisements and corporate funding in the development of search  ,Critique the role of advertisements and corporate funding in the development of search  ,Compare and contrast the functionality of search engine algorithms updates  ,Compare and contrast the functionality of search engine algorithms updates  ,Write your own content for a website that will improve search results  ,Write your own content for a website that will improve search results  ,Develop an optimization strategy following best practices for a client to implement to help increase their ranking  ,Develop an optimization strategy following best practices for a client to implement to help increase their ranking  ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Critical Thinking, Digital Marketing, Marketing, Search Engine Optimization, Social Media, User Experience, User Research, Web Development Tools, Algorithms, Customer Analysis, Strategy
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/search-engine-optimization this url.Course name is Teach English Now! Theories of Second Language Acquisition. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Arizona State University. The course instructor is Dr. Shane Dixon. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Define your own personal teaching philosophy,Define your own personal teaching philosophy,Describe best practices for teaching listening, speaking, and pronunciation,Describe best practices for teaching listening, speaking, and pronunciation,Explain grammar translation and audio-lingual teaching approaches,Explain grammar translation and audio-lingual teaching approaches,Understand basic studies in second language acquisition,Understand basic studies in second language acquisition,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Human Learning, Mergers & Acquisitions
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/language-theories this url.Course name is Introduction to Programming with MATLAB. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Vanderbilt University. The course instructor is Akos Ledeczi. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 You will learn fundamental computer programming concepts such as variables, control structures, functions and many others.,You will learn fundamental computer programming concepts such as variables, control structures, functions and many others.,You will learn about various data types and how to handle them in MATLAB.,You will learn about various data types and how to handle them in MATLAB.,You will learn the powerful support MATLAb provides for working with matrices.,You will learn the powerful support MATLAb provides for working with matrices.,You will learn about file input/output.,You will learn about file input/output.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, Matlab, Problem Solving, Programming Principles
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/matlab this url.Course name is Robotic Process Automation (RPA). This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the UiPath. The course instructor is UiPath. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Learn the basic concepts of Robotic Process Automation,Learn the basic concepts of Robotic Process Automation,Develop familiarity and deep understanding of UiPath Platform,Develop familiarity and deep understanding of UiPath Platform,Develop the ability to independently design and create automation for business processes.

,Develop the ability to independently design and create automation for business processes.

,,,Prepare to become a Junior RPA Developer. This specialization also prepares you for UiPath Certified Professional - UiRPA.,Prepare to become a Junior RPA Developer. This specialization also prepares you for UiPath Certified Professional - UiRPA.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, User Experience Design
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/roboticprocessautomation this url.Course name is Google Data Analytics (DE). This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Erhalten Sie Einblick in die Praktiken und Prozesse, die in Junior- oder Associate-Positionen in der Datenanalyse im Arbeitsalltag verwendet werden.,Erhalten Sie Einblick in die Praktiken und Prozesse, die in Junior- oder Associate-Positionen in der Datenanalyse im Arbeitsalltag verwendet werden., Erlernen Sie analytische Skills (Datenbereinigung, -analyse, -visualisierung) und Tools (Tabellenkalkulationen, SQL, R-Programmierung, Tableau)., Erlernen Sie analytische Skills (Datenbereinigung, -analyse, -visualisierung) und Tools (Tabellenkalkulationen, SQL, R-Programmierung, Tableau).,Erfahren Sie, wie Sie Daten für die Analyse bereinigen und organisieren sowie Analysen und Berechnungen durchführen.,Erfahren Sie, wie Sie Daten für die Analyse bereinigen und organisieren sowie Analysen und Berechnungen durchführen.,Lernen Sie, wie Sie Datenergebnisse in Dashboards, Präsentationen und häufig verwendeten Visualisierungsplattformen visualisieren und präsentieren.,Lernen Sie, wie Sie Datenergebnisse in Dashboards, Präsentationen und häufig verwendeten Visualisierungsplattformen visualisieren und präsentieren.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Design and Product, Data Analysis, Software Engineering, Microsoft Excel, Business Analysis, Computer Programming, SQL
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/google-data-analytics-de this url.Course name is Fundamentals of Engineering Exam Review. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Georgia Institute of Technology. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/fe-exam this url.Course name is Introduction to Calculus. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the The University of Sydney. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 logic,Mathematics,Calculus,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Algebra, Calculus, Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Mathematics, Problem Solving, Computational Logic, Critical Thinking, Differential Equations, Plot (Graphics), Geometry
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-to-calculus this url.Course name is Vital Signs: Understanding What the Body Is Telling Us. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Dolor Assessment,Metabolic Pathways,Vital Signs,Pain Management,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Health
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/vital-signs this url.Course name is Finding Your Professional Voice: Confidence & Impact. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of London. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Learners will use the embodied voice to engage and connect with an audience is a vital element in dynamic verbal exchange.  ,Learners will use the embodied voice to engage and connect with an audience is a vital element in dynamic verbal exchange.  ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/finding-your-professional-voice this url.Course name is Building Your Leadership Skills. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the HEC Paris. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Confidence,Communication,Leadership,Human Resources (HR),
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Human Resources, Leadership Development, Leadership and Management, Communication, Emotional Intelligence, Adaptability, Business Psychology, Entrepreneurship
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/leadership-skills this url.Course name is Akamai Customer Consulting and Support. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Akamai Technologies, Inc.. The course instructor is Shadow Farrell. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Basic understanding of Linux and OS management using shell commands. Practical experience working with key networking technology.,Basic understanding of Linux and OS management using shell commands. Practical experience working with key networking technology.,Learn network theory & implement networking tech like TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, application layer protocols like HTTP(S), VLANs, routing & wireless tech.,Learn network theory & implement networking tech like TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, application layer protocols like HTTP(S), VLANs, routing & wireless tech.,Create and format web pages using HTML5 and CSS3. Master basic SQL commands for database management and data analysis.,Create and format web pages using HTML5 and CSS3. Master basic SQL commands for database management and data analysis.,Understand security management and create scripts to interact with users and process security events.,Understand security management and create scripts to interact with users and process security events.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Security Incident Management, Mobile Security, Network Architecture, Network Security, Operating Systems, Risk Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/akamai-customer-consulting-and-support this url.Course name is Uncommon Sense Teaching. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Deep Teaching Solutions. The course instructor is Dr. Terrence Sejnowski. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 You’ll discover how to bring out the best from your students in diverse teaching environments, where students often have a wide range of abilities.  ,You’ll discover how to bring out the best from your students in diverse teaching environments, where students often have a wide range of abilities.  ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Human Learning, Planning, Entrepreneurship
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/uncommon-sense-teaching-certificate this url.Course name is From Data to Insights with Google Cloud. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google Cloud. The course instructor is Google Cloud Training. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Bigquery,Machine Learning,SQL,Data Visualization,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Google Cloud Platform, Cloud Computing, SQL, Databases, Data Analysis, Big Data, Cloud Platforms, Data Management, Exploratory Data Analysis, Cloud Storage, Data Model, Machine Learning, Applied Machine Learning, Human Learning, Data Visualization, Machine Learning Software, Database Theory
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/from-data-to-insights-google-cloud-platform this url.Course name is Six Sigma Black Belt. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University System of Georgia. The course instructor is David Cook, PhD. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 DMAIC,DMAIC,Organizational Planning and Development, Team Management, and Design for Six Sigma
,Organizational Planning and Development, Team Management, and Design for Six Sigma
,Six Sigma Project implementation process,Six Sigma Project implementation process,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Organizational Development, Strategy and Operations, General Statistics, Probability & Statistics, Operations Management, Process Analysis, Statistical Analysis, Business Analysis, Data Analysis, Project Management, Business Process Management, Performance Management, Basic Descriptive Statistics, Entrepreneurship, Statistical Tests, Problem Solving, Probability Distribution, Statistical Visualization, Strategy, Decision Making, Leadership Development, Planning, Correlation And Dependence, People Management, Communication, Customer Analysis, Marketing, Sales, Supply Chain and Logistics, Business Communication, Conflict Management, Customer Success, Experiment
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/six-sigma-black-belt this url.Course name is MLOps | Machine Learning Operations. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Duke University. The course instructor is Noah Gift. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Master Python fundamentals, MLOps principles, and data management to build and deploy ML models in production environments.,Master Python fundamentals, MLOps principles, and data management to build and deploy ML models in production environments.,Utilize Amazon Sagemaker / AWS, Azure, MLflow, and Hugging Face for end-to-end ML solutions, pipeline creation, and API development.,Utilize Amazon Sagemaker / AWS, Azure, MLflow, and Hugging Face for end-to-end ML solutions, pipeline creation, and API development.,Fine-tune and deploy Large Language Models (LLMs) and containerized models using the ONNX format with Hugging Face.,Fine-tune and deploy Large Language Models (LLMs) and containerized models using the ONNX format with Hugging Face.,Design a full MLOps pipeline with MLflow, managing projects, models, and tracking system features.,Design a full MLOps pipeline with MLflow, managing projects, models, and tracking system features.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Amazon Web Services, Applied Machine Learning, Big Data, Cloud Computing, Computer Programming, DevOps, Machine Learning, Machine Learning Software, Microsoft Azure, Python Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Advanced. Currently the course has a rating of 4.1. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/mlops-machine-learning-duke this url.Course name is An Introduction to American Law. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 American Law,Common Law,Law,Constitution,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/american-law this url.Course name is Big Data. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California San Diego. The course instructor is Amarnath Gupta. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Big Data,Neo4j,Mongodb,Apache Spark,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, Big Data, Data Management, Databases, Exploratory Data Analysis, Machine Learning, Data Model, Data Structures, Data Analysis Software, SQL, Data Mining, Apache, Database Design, Extract, Transform, Load, Graph Theory, Probability & Statistics, Statistical Programming, Mathematics, Data Architecture, Data Warehousing, Machine Learning Algorithms, Process Analysis, Leadership and Management, Cloud Computing, PostgreSQL, Python Programming, Statistical Machine Learning, Algorithms, Human Learning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/big-data this url.Course name is AI Applications in People Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Prasanna Tambe. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Machine Learning, People Management, Algorithms, Applied Machine Learning, Human Resources, Machine Learning Algorithms, People Analysis, Decision Making
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/wharton-ai-applications-people-management this url.Course name is Forensic Accounting and Fraud Examination. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the West Virginia University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Fraud Detection,Internal Control,Fraud Investigation,Forensic Accounting,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Accounting, Audit, Critical Thinking, Financial Accounting, Risk Management, Regulations and Compliance, Data Analysis, Finance, Problem Solving, Financial Analysis
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/forensic-accounting this url.Course name is HTML and CSS in depth. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Meta. The course instructor is Taught by Meta Staff. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Create a simple form with a responsive layout using HTML5 and CSS,Create a simple form with a responsive layout using HTML5 and CSS,Create a responsive layout using CSS ,Create a responsive layout using CSS ,Create a UI using Bootstrap,Create a UI using Bootstrap,Implement debugging tools,Implement debugging tools,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Front-End Web Development, HTML and CSS, Javascript, React (web framework), Web Design, Web Development
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/html-and-css-in-depth this url.Course name is Data Modeling in Power BI. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Microsoft. The course instructor is  Microsoft. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to form a model using a Star Schema.  ,How to form a model using a Star Schema.  ,How to write calculations DAX to create elements and analysis in Power BI. ,How to write calculations DAX to create elements and analysis in Power BI. ,How to optimize performance in a Power BI model.  ,How to optimize performance in a Power BI model.  ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, Data Model, Data Visualization, Power BI
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.1. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/data-modeling-in-power-bi this url.Course name is Food & Beverage Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Università Bocconi. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Promotion And Marketing Communications,Food Marketing,Marketing,Brand Management,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Design and Product, Marketing, Business Analysis, Customer Analysis, Product Marketing, Product Strategy, Brand Management, Entrepreneurship, Leadership and Management, Marketing Management, Strategy, Strategy and Operations
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/food-beverage-management this url.Course name is Developing APIs with Google Cloud's Apigee API Platform. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google Cloud. The course instructor is Google Cloud Training. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Develop a good understanding of Google Cloud's Apigee API platform features and organizational model.,Develop a good understanding of Google Cloud's Apigee API platform features and organizational model.,Learn how to design APIs and deploy them to the Apigee API platform.,Learn how to design APIs and deploy them to the Apigee API platform.,Understand how to productize and publish APIs.,Understand how to productize and publish APIs.,Gain a deep understanding of API security, including OAuth, JSON Web Tokens, and federated identity.,Gain a deep understanding of API security, including OAuth, JSON Web Tokens, and federated identity.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Google Cloud Platform, Cloud API, Cloud Computing, Computer Programming, Computer Programming Tools, Software Engineering, Cloud Applications, Software Architecture, Software Engineering Tools, Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/apigee-api-gcp this url.Course name is The Power of Statistics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Explore and summarize a dataset ,Explore and summarize a dataset ,Use probability distributions to model data,Use probability distributions to model data,Conduct a hypothesis test to identify insights about data,Conduct a hypothesis test to identify insights about data,Perform statistical analyses using Python ,Perform statistical analyses using Python ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  General Statistics, Probability Distribution, Python Programming, Statistical Analysis
. The level of difficulty for this course is Advanced. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/the-power-of-statistics this url.Course name is International Security Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Erasmus University Rotterdam. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Risk Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/international-security-management this url.Course name is Introduction to Public Relations and the Media. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Colorado Boulder. The course instructor is Erin Willis. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand what public relations is and the value it brings to your brand or organization.,Understand what public relations is and the value it brings to your brand or organization.,Apply tenets of public relations theory to your business or organization or to your own personal brand.,Apply tenets of public relations theory to your business or organization or to your own personal brand.,Produce professional public relations materials such as press releases, social media content, and influencer lists for your professional portfolio.,Produce professional public relations materials such as press releases, social media content, and influencer lists for your professional portfolio.,Manage your brand’s reputation and prepare a proactive crisis communication plan for your business or organization. ,Manage your brand’s reputation and prepare a proactive crisis communication plan for your business or organization. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, Public Relations, Media Strategy & Planning, Strategy, Brand Management, Leadership and Management, Marketing, Strategy and Operations, Planning, Social Media, Critical Thinking, Journalism
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/introduction-to-public-relations-and-the-media this url.Course name is Akamai Network Engineering. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Akamai Technologies, Inc.. The course instructor is Shadow Farrell. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Basic understanding of Linux and OS management using shell commands. Practical experience working with key networking technology.,Basic understanding of Linux and OS management using shell commands. Practical experience working with key networking technology.,Learn network theory & implement networking tech like TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, application layer protocols like HTTP(S), VLANs, routing, & wireless tech.,Learn network theory & implement networking tech like TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, application layer protocols like HTTP(S), VLANs, routing, & wireless tech.,Master basic SQL commands for database management and data analysis.,Master basic SQL commands for database management and data analysis.,Understand security management and create scripts to interact with users and process security events.,Understand security management and create scripts to interact with users and process security events.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Security Incident Management, Mobile Security, Network Architecture, Network Security, Operating Systems, Risk Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/akamai-network-engineering this url.Course name is Chinese for Beginners. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Peking University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Grammar,Communication,Chinese Language,Speech,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/learn-chinese this url.Course name is Interaction Design. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California San Diego. The course instructor is Scott  Klemmer. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Storyboarding,Heuristic Evaluation,R Programming,A/B Testing,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Probability & Statistics, Experiment, Statistical Tests, Human Computer Interaction, User Experience, R Programming, Statistical Programming, User Experience Design, Data Analysis, General Statistics, Statistical Analysis, User Research, Visual Design, Probability Distribution, Regression, Collaboration
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/interaction-design this url.Course name is Divide and Conquer, Sorting and Searching, and Randomized Algorithms. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Stanford University. The course instructor is Tim Roughgarden. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Algorithms,Randomized Algorithm,Sorting Algorithm,Divide And Conquer Algorithms,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Algorithms, Theoretical Computer Science, Computational Thinking, Computer Programming, Critical Thinking, Mathematics, Problem Solving, Computational Logic, Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Programming Principles
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/algorithms-divide-conquer this url.Course name is Epidemiology in Public Health Practice. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Johns Hopkins University. The course instructor is Aruna Chandran, MD, MPH. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Become familiar with the epidemiologic toolset,Become familiar with the epidemiologic toolset,Measure the health of populations ,Measure the health of populations ,Collect and analyze public health surveillance data,Collect and analyze public health surveillance data,Investigate disease outbreaks and epidemics,Investigate disease outbreaks and epidemics,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Epidemiology, Data Analysis, Data Visualization, Problem Solving, Estimation
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/professional-epidemiology this url.Course name is Sports Marketing. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Northwestern University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, Marketing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/sports-marketing this url.Course name is Core 1: Hardware and Network Troubleshooting. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is IBM Skills Network Team. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describe laptop components and accessories and apply troubleshooting methods to laptops, mobile devices, and video and resolution issues.  ,Describe laptop components and accessories and apply troubleshooting methods to laptops, mobile devices, and video and resolution issues.  ,Explain networking infrastructures, describe storage device options, identify network troubleshooting tools, and troubleshoot storage issues.,Explain networking infrastructures, describe storage device options, identify network troubleshooting tools, and troubleshoot storage issues.,Define motherboard components and CPU types, configure BIOS settings, summarize power supply basics, and troubleshoot these items.,Define motherboard components and CPU types, configure BIOS settings, summarize power supply basics, and troubleshoot these items.,Identify printer types, components, and settings and troubleshoot basic, advanced, laser, and impact printer issues.,Identify printer types, components, and settings and troubleshoot basic, advanced, laser, and impact printer issues.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Networking Hardware
. The level of difficulty for this course is Advanced. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/core1-hardware-and-network-troubleshooting this url.Course name is Using Public Policy for Social Change. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Michigan. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Learn to identify and define each step of the public policy-making cycle,Learn to identify and define each step of the public policy-making cycle,How to analyze social issues from a policy perspective,How to analyze social issues from a policy perspective,Learn how advocacy work plays a part in policy-making,Learn how advocacy work plays a part in policy-making,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Problem Solving
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 5.0. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/using-public-policy-for-social-change this url.Course name is Google IT Support (Deutsch). This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Onlea support. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Die nötigen Grundkenntnisse für einen Einstieg in der IT-Branche,Die nötigen Grundkenntnisse für einen Einstieg in der IT-Branche,Ausführung alltäglicher IT-Supportaufgaben, darunter den Zusammenbau von Computern, WLAN-Einrichtung und -verwaltung, Installation von Programmen und Kundenservice,Ausführung alltäglicher IT-Supportaufgaben, darunter den Zusammenbau von Computern, WLAN-Einrichtung und -verwaltung, Installation von Programmen und Kundenservice,Bereitstellung von Kundensupport, von der Identifizierung eines Problems bis hin zu Fehlerbehebung und Debugging,Bereitstellung von Kundensupport, von der Identifizierung eines Problems bis hin zu Fehlerbehebung und Debugging,Beherrschung von Systemen und Konzepten wie Linux, Domain Name Systems, der Befehlszeile und binären Codes,Beherrschung von Systemen und Konzepten wie Linux, Domain Name Systems, der Befehlszeile und binären Codes,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Networking, Network Architecture, Network Model, Networking Hardware, Network Security, System Security, Operating Systems, Security Engineering, Theoretical Computer Science, Software Security, Communication, Computer Architecture, Strategy and Operations, Cloud Computing, Linux
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/google-it-de this url.Course name is Réussir le Changement. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the ESSEC Business School. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Change Management,Communication,Management,Communications Management,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Change Management, Leadership and Management, Project Management, Strategy, Communication, Strategy and Operations, Organizational Development, People Management, Business Transformation, Performance Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/reussir-le-changement this url.Course name is Corporate Sustainability. Understanding and Seizing the Strategic Opportunity. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Università Bocconi. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Organizational Development, Strategy, Strategy and Operations, Business Transformation, Critical Thinking, Business Process Management, Change Management, Employee Relations, Innovation
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/corp-sustainability this url.Course name is Sports Performance Analytics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Michigan. The course instructor is Stefan Szymanski. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand how to construct predictive models to anticipate team and player performance.,Understand how to construct predictive models to anticipate team and player performance.,Understand the science behind athlete performance and game prediction.,Understand the science behind athlete performance and game prediction.,Engage in a practical way to apply their Python, statistics, or predictive modeling skills.,Engage in a practical way to apply their Python, statistics, or predictive modeling skills.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, Python Programming, Statistical Analysis, General Statistics, Probability & Statistics, Statistical Programming, Regression, Exploratory Data Analysis, Statistical Tests, Basic Descriptive Statistics, Computer Programming, Machine Learning Algorithms
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/sports-analytics this url.Course name is Financial Accounting Fundamentals. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Virginia. The course instructor is Luann J. Lynch. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to use journal entries to record transactions and prepare and use t-accounts to summarize transactions recorded during an accounting period,How to use journal entries to record transactions and prepare and use t-accounts to summarize transactions recorded during an accounting period,The three most commonly used financial statements and how they fit together,The three most commonly used financial statements and how they fit together,How to prepare these financial statements based on transactions recorded during an accounting period,How to prepare these financial statements based on transactions recorded during an accounting period,How to draw basic conclusions about a company's financial health,How to draw basic conclusions about a company's financial health,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Account Management, Accounting, Accounts Payable and Receivable, Finance, Financial Accounting, Financial Analysis, General Accounting, Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), Cost Accounting, Payments
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/uva-darden-financial-accounting this url.Course name is Deploying Machine Learning Models in Production. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Laurence Moroney. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Model Registries,TensorFlow Serving,Generate Data Protection Regulation (GDPR),Model Monitoring,Machine Learning Operations (MLOps),
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Applied Machine Learning, DevOps, Devops Tools, Machine Learning, Machine Learning Software, Cloud Computing, Cloud Infrastructure, Other Cloud Platforms and Tools, Performance Management, Strategy and Operations, Tensorflow, Kubernetes
. The level of difficulty for this course is Advanced. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/deploying-machine-learning-models-in-production this url.Course name is .NET FullStack Developer. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Board Infinity . The course instructor is Board Infinity. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Master .NET full stack web dev: from .NET core basics to advanced web application creation using .NET technologies.  ,Master .NET full stack web dev: from .NET core basics to advanced web application creation using .NET technologies.  ,Dive into React frontend development: from foundational HTML & CSS to dynamic UI design using JavaScript and React's core concepts. ,Dive into React frontend development: from foundational HTML & CSS to dynamic UI design using JavaScript and React's core concepts. ,Explore backend with ASP.NET: Understand ASP.NET Core architecture, MVC patterns, and build RESTful web APIs with integrated front-end applications. ,Explore backend with ASP.NET: Understand ASP.NET Core architecture, MVC patterns, and build RESTful web APIs with integrated front-end applications. ,Acquire robust full-stack skills: Ensuring proficiency in creating scalable, high-quality web applications tailored to modern business needs. ,Acquire robust full-stack skills: Ensuring proficiency in creating scalable, high-quality web applications tailored to modern business needs. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, Javascript, React (web framework)
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.1. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/dot-net-fullstack this url.Course name is Health Informatics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Johns Hopkins University. The course instructor is Sam Meiselman. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Articulate a coherent problem definition of, and a plan for addressing, a health informatics problem. ,Articulate a coherent problem definition of, and a plan for addressing, a health informatics problem. ,Answer a health informatics problem through data retrieval and analysis.,Answer a health informatics problem through data retrieval and analysis.,Design a health informatics solution for decision support.,Design a health informatics solution for decision support.,Create a change management and deployment plan for a health informatics intervention.,Create a change management and deployment plan for a health informatics intervention.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Data Analysis, Data Management, Clinical Data Management, Decision Making, Systems Design, Data Model, Data Structures, Databases, User Experience, Change Management, Critical Thinking, Strategy and Operations, Big Data, Data Analysis Software, Database Design, Database Theory, Project Management, Data Science, Health
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.4. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/health-informatics this url.Course name is Advanced Machine Learning on Google Cloud. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google Cloud. The course instructor is Google Cloud Training. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Tensorflow,Convolutional Neural Network,Estimator,Advanced Machine Learning,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Google Cloud Platform, Applied Machine Learning, Human Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning Software, Cloud Computing, Artificial Neural Networks, Tensorflow, Cloud Platforms
. The level of difficulty for this course is Advanced. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/advanced-machine-learning-tensorflow-gcp this url.Course name is Design of Industrial Piping Systems. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the L&T EduTech. The course instructor is Subject Matter Expert. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Learners can predict optimum pipe diameter for a given service(s) & its operating conditions for both single-phase and two-phase liquid flow to meet pressure drop constraints. ,Learners can predict optimum pipe diameter for a given service(s) & its operating conditions for both single-phase and two-phase liquid flow to meet pressure drop constraints. ,Learners can determine the pipe wall thickness for a given process condition, select the appropriate schedule number, and develop the pipe material specification sheet. ,Learners can determine the pipe wall thickness for a given process condition, select the appropriate schedule number, and develop the pipe material specification sheet. ,Learners can perform the flexibility analysis and recommend the optimum pipe routing with proper pipe supports and hangers.,Learners can perform the flexibility analysis and recommend the optimum pipe routing with proper pipe supports and hangers.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.4. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/design-of-industrial-piping-systems this url.Course name is International Law in Action: the Arbitration of International Disputes. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Universiteit Leiden. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/arbitration-international-disputes this url.Course name is Mathematics for Engineers. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology. The course instructor is Jeffrey R. Chasnov. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to work with matrices and understand some fundamental concepts from linear algebra.,How to work with matrices and understand some fundamental concepts from linear algebra.,How to solve differential equations and apply them to model physical phenomena.,How to solve differential equations and apply them to model physical phenomena.,How to extend single variable calculus to three dimensions and differentiate and integrate scalar and vector fields.,How to extend single variable calculus to three dimensions and differentiate and integrate scalar and vector fields.,How to analyze basic numerical techniques and write scientific computation programs in MATLAB.,How to analyze basic numerical techniques and write scientific computation programs in MATLAB.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Mathematics, Calculus, Linear Algebra, Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Algebra, Differential Equations, Critical Thinking, Problem Solving, Computer Programming, Applied Mathematics, Computational Thinking, Matlab, Data Analysis, Continuous Integration, Geometry, Machine Learning Software, Operational Analysis, Process Analysis, Data Science
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/mathematics-engineers this url.Course name is Suporte em TI do Google. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Onlea support. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Criptografía,Segurança de rede,Cibersegurança,Segurança de redes sem fio,Código binario,Soporte al cliente,Linux,Solución de problemas,Ipv4,Resolução de problemas,Modelo de rede,Sistema de Nomes de Domínio (DNS),Backups,Diretórios do LDAP,Serviço de Diretórios,Powershell,Sistemas de Arquivos do Linux,Interface de comando,View all skills,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Networking, Network Security, Communication, Computer Architecture, Customer Support, Network Architecture, Operating Systems, Networking Hardware, Security Engineering, Network Model, Cloud Computing, Software As A Service, System Security, Theoretical Computer Science, Network Analysis, Software Security, Cryptography, Security Software, Human Computer Interaction, Computer Security Incident Management, Linux, Problem Solving
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/suporte-em-ti-do-google this url.Course name is A life with ADHD. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Geneva. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
  Understand what ADHD is and the challenges related to this disorder  , Understand what ADHD is and the challenges related to this disorder  , Familiarize yourself with the diagnostic and therapeutic issues of this disorder  , Familiarize yourself with the diagnostic and therapeutic issues of this disorder  , Know the biological, psychological and environmental interventions  , Know the biological, psychological and environmental interventions  ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/life-with-adhd this url.Course name is Integrative Health and Medicine. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Minnesota. The course instructor is Robin Austin, DNP, DC. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Assess  the current and potential role for integrative therapies in health and healthcare, including your own workplace.,Assess  the current and potential role for integrative therapies in health and healthcare, including your own workplace.,Discuss the evidence base for use of integrative therapies, including the historical, clinical, and research data.    ,Discuss the evidence base for use of integrative therapies, including the historical, clinical, and research data.    ,Assess if a therapy is appropriate, Educate patients about  benefit and risk, Administer or advise on use, and Evaluate if the therapy was useful.,Assess if a therapy is appropriate, Educate patients about  benefit and risk, Administer or advise on use, and Evaluate if the therapy was useful.,Partner with patients to incorporate integrative therapies for specific symptom management or enhanced health and wellbeing.    ,Partner with patients to incorporate integrative therapies for specific symptom management or enhanced health and wellbeing.    ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Writing, Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/integrative-health-and-medicine this url.Course name is The Science of Well-Being for Teens. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Yale University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 You will learn what psychological science has to say about living the good life,You will learn what psychological science has to say about living the good life,You will engage in evidence-based behaviors proven to boost mood,You will engage in evidence-based behaviors proven to boost mood,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/the-science-of-well-being-for-teens this url.Course name is Evaluations of AI Applications in Healthcare. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Stanford University. The course instructor is Tina Hernandez-Boussard. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Principles and practical considerations for integrating AI into clinical workflows,Principles and practical considerations for integrating AI into clinical workflows,Best practices of AI applications to promote fair and equitable healthcare solutions,Best practices of AI applications to promote fair and equitable healthcare solutions,Challenges of regulation of AI applications and which components of a model can be regulated,Challenges of regulation of AI applications and which components of a model can be regulated,What standard evaluation metrics do and do not provide,What standard evaluation metrics do and do not provide,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/evaluations-ai-applications-healthcare this url.Course name is Administración de Empresas. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Universidad de Palermo. The course instructor is Esteban Maccari. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Importancia del desarrollo estratégico y del marketing.,Importancia del desarrollo estratégico y del marketing.,Sistemas ágiles de gestión.,Sistemas ágiles de gestión.,Herramientas para comprender el contexto. Utilización de información contable y financiera.,Herramientas para comprender el contexto. Utilización de información contable y financiera.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Strategy, Leadership and Management, Marketing, Organizational Development, Planning, Econometrics, Negotiation, Strategy and Operations, Business Communication, Communication, Decision Making, Probability & Statistics, Process Analysis, Adaptability, Business Intelligence, Collaboration, Persona Research, Probability Distribution, Accounting, Calculus, Change Management, Culture, Human Resources, Innovation, Marketing Management, Project Management, Account Management, Brand Management, General Statistics, Marketing Design, Behavioral Economics, Business Process Management, Customer Analysis, Finance, Market Research, Operations Research, Business, Professional Development
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/administracion-de-empresas this url.Course name is Excel for Beginners: Introduction to Spreadsheets. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Coursera Project Network. The course instructor is Edward Falzon . The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Create and format a table of data in a spreadsheet,Create and format a table of data in a spreadsheet,Use formulae and functions to derive knowledge from raw data,Use formulae and functions to derive knowledge from raw data,Use conditional formatting to provide better readability to tables,Use conditional formatting to provide better readability to tables,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Microsoft Excel
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/projects/excel-for-beginners-introduction-to-spreadsheets this url.Course name is Supply Chain Management and Analytics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Unilever. The course instructor is Unilever Team. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Risk Management,Data Analysis,Problem Solving,Presentation Layer,Data Visualization,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, Data Visualization, Leadership and Management, Problem Solving, Risk Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/supply-chain-management-and-analytics this url.Course name is Advanced Digital Transformation. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IIMA - IIM Ahmedabad. The course instructor is Pankaj Setia. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Strategies and models to develop advanced digital capabilities that are required to enhance organizational performance and competitiveness in the modern world,Strategies and models to develop advanced digital capabilities that are required to enhance organizational performance and competitiveness in the modern world,Models to conceptualize, plan, and execute a successful transformation required for creating a modern-age digital organization, and ways to communicate these to relevant stakeholders,Models to conceptualize, plan, and execute a successful transformation required for creating a modern-age digital organization, and ways to communicate these to relevant stakeholders,Best practices and organizational theories to unravel and analyze digital technologies and identify transformations most suitable for an organization,Best practices and organizational theories to unravel and analyze digital technologies and identify transformations most suitable for an organization,Scientific ways to create business models, strategies, and programs that catalyze digitally-enabled products and services, for an existing organization or a new startup,Scientific ways to create business models, strategies, and programs that catalyze digitally-enabled products and services, for an existing organization or a new startup,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/advanced-digital-transformation-iima this url.Course name is Supply Chain Principles. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Georgia Institute of Technology. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Procurement,Supply Chain,Transporting,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Supply Chain Systems, Supply Chain and Logistics, Operations Management, Strategy and Operations, Inventory Management, Planning, Transportation Operations Management, Material Handling, Procurement, Warehouse Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/supply-chain-principles this url.Course name is Negotiation, Mediation and Conflict Resolution. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the ESSEC Business School. The course instructor is Aurélien Colson. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Communication,Negotiation,Planning,Cross-Cultural Communication,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, Marketing, Negotiation, Sales, Collaboration, Leadership and Management, Business Communication, Business Psychology, Conflict Management, Culture, Human Resources, Leadership Development, Planning, Strategy
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/negotiation-mediation-conflict-resolution this url.Course name is Introduction to Agile Development and Scrum. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is John Rofrano. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Adopt the 5 practices of Agile, a subset of DevOps: small batches, minimum viable product, pair programming, behavior- and test-driven development. ,Adopt the 5 practices of Agile, a subset of DevOps: small batches, minimum viable product, pair programming, behavior- and test-driven development. ,Write good user stories, estimate and assign story points and track stories using a kanban board.  Incorporate Scrum artifacts, events, and benefits.,Write good user stories, estimate and assign story points and track stories using a kanban board.  Incorporate Scrum artifacts, events, and benefits.,Create and refine a product backlog using the sprint planning process. Produce potentially shippable product increments with every iteration.,Create and refine a product backlog using the sprint planning process. Produce potentially shippable product increments with every iteration.,Create burndown charts to forecast the ability to meet a sprint goal. Use metrics to enhance performance, productivity, and client satisfaction.,Create burndown charts to forecast the ability to meet a sprint goal. Use metrics to enhance performance, productivity, and client satisfaction.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Software Engineering, Agile Software Development, Scrum (Software Development), Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/agile-development-and-scrum this url.Course name is Using Python to Interact with the Operating System. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Setup, configure, and use your own developer environment in Python,Setup, configure, and use your own developer environment in Python,Manipulate files and processes running on the Operating System using Python,Manipulate files and processes running on the Operating System using Python,Understand and use regular expressions (regex), a powerful tool for processing text files,Understand and use regular expressions (regex), a powerful tool for processing text files,Know when to choose Bash or Python, and create small scripts using Bash,Know when to choose Bash or Python, and create small scripts using Bash,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, Python Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/python-operating-system this url.Course name is Exploring Renewable Energy Schemes. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Identify the essential characteristics and technical requirements of photovoltaic, wind, and low head hydroelectric energy systems.,Identify the essential characteristics and technical requirements of photovoltaic, wind, and low head hydroelectric energy systems.,Integrate scientific and technological principles necessary to assess and implement small-scale renewable energy schemes.,Integrate scientific and technological principles necessary to assess and implement small-scale renewable energy schemes.,Develop a plan for implementing a small-scale renewable energy scheme.,Develop a plan for implementing a small-scale renewable energy scheme.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/exploring-renewable-energy this url.Course name is Core Java. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the LearnQuest. The course instructor is Evan Bergman. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Learn the basic syntax and functions of the Java programming language,Learn the basic syntax and functions of the Java programming language,Apply object-oriented programming techniques to building classes, creating objects, and understanding how solutions are packaged in Java.,Apply object-oriented programming techniques to building classes, creating objects, and understanding how solutions are packaged in Java.,Learn how to implement inheritance and polymorphism in Java.,Learn how to implement inheritance and polymorphism in Java.,Use selected parts of the vast Java SE class library to enhance your Java programming techniques.,Use selected parts of the vast Java SE class library to enhance your Java programming techniques.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, Java Programming, Programming Principles, Software Engineering, Computer Programming Tools, Problem Solving, Software Engineering Tools, Application Development, Data Structures, Web Development, Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Mobile Development Tools
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/core-java this url.Course name is Introduction to Embedded Systems Software and Development Environments. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Colorado Boulder. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Classify the parts of an embedded systems developer’s Source Configuration Management (SCM),Classify the parts of an embedded systems developer’s Source Configuration Management (SCM),Implement a build system using GNU’s Make and GCC compiler toolsets,Implement a build system using GNU’s Make and GCC compiler toolsets,Write C-programs to define data in different memory regions,Write C-programs to define data in different memory regions,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  C Programming Language Family, Computer Architecture, Computer Programming, Computer Programming Tools, Software Engineering, Software Architecture, Software Engineering Tools, System Programming, System Software, Systems Design
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-embedded-systems this url.Course name is Fundamentals of Reinforcement Learning. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Alberta. The course instructor is Martha White. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Formalize problems as Markov Decision Processes ,Formalize problems as Markov Decision Processes ,Understand basic exploration methods and the exploration / exploitation tradeoff,Understand basic exploration methods and the exploration / exploitation tradeoff,Understand value functions, as a general-purpose tool for optimal decision-making,Understand value functions, as a general-purpose tool for optimal decision-making,Know how to implement dynamic programming as an efficient solution approach to an industrial control problem,Know how to implement dynamic programming as an efficient solution approach to an industrial control problem,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Reinforcement Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Python Programming, Statistical Programming, Computer Programming, Decision Making
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/fundamentals-of-reinforcement-learning this url.Course name is Investment Management in an Evolving and Volatile World by HEC Paris and AXA Investment Managers. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the HEC Paris. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Investment Management,Portfolio Theories,Financial Markets,Asset Management,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Finance, Investment Management, Leadership and Management, Financial Analysis, Financial Management, Mathematics, Risk Management, Statistical Analysis, Market Analysis, Correlation And Dependence
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/investment-management this url.Course name is TensorFlow: Data and Deployment. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Laurence Moroney. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Run models in your browser using TensorFlow.js,Run models in your browser using TensorFlow.js,Prepare and deploy models on mobile devices using TensorFlow Lite,Prepare and deploy models on mobile devices using TensorFlow Lite,Access, organize, and process training data more easily using TensorFlow Data Services,Access, organize, and process training data more easily using TensorFlow Data Services,Explore four advanced deployment scenarios using TensorFlow Serving, TensorFlow Hub, and TensorBoard,Explore four advanced deployment scenarios using TensorFlow Serving, TensorFlow Hub, and TensorBoard,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Applied Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Tensorflow, Computer Programming, Javascript, Artificial Neural Networks, Python Programming, Data Model, Machine Learning Algorithms, Machine Learning Software, Mobile Development, Web Development, Computer Vision, Mobile Development Tools, Extract, Transform, Load, iOS Development
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/tensorflow-data-and-deployment this url.Course name is Sales and CRM Overview. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Salesforce. The course instructor is Trailhead. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Explain how CRM works in the context of sales, marketing, and customer service in modern businesses.,Explain how CRM works in the context of sales, marketing, and customer service in modern businesses.,,,Articulate use cases for how Salesforce can provide value to sales teams.,Articulate use cases for how Salesforce can provide value to sales teams.,,,Navigate Trailhead, the official learning platform of Salesforce.,Navigate Trailhead, the official learning platform of Salesforce.,,,Demonstrate a working knowledge of the basics of the Salesforce Sales Cloud.,Demonstrate a working knowledge of the basics of the Salesforce Sales Cloud.,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Customer Relationship Management, Sales, Sales Systems, B2B Sales, Customer Success, Databases, Marketing, Salesforce, Leadership and Management, Operations Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/sales-and-crm-overview this url.Course name is Auditing I: Conceptual Foundations of Auditing. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Financial Auditing,Revenue Assurance,Audit Risk,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Accounting, Audit, Critical Thinking, Financial Analysis, Regulations and Compliance, Risk Management, Financial Accounting, General Accounting, Leadership and Management, Finance
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/auditing-part1-conceptual-foundations this url.Course name is Natural Language Processing with Attention Models. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Younes Bensouda Mourri. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Use encoder-decoder, causal, & self-attention to machine translate complete sentences, summarize text, build chatbots & question-answering.,Use encoder-decoder, causal, & self-attention to machine translate complete sentences, summarize text, build chatbots & question-answering.,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Natural Language Processing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.4. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/attention-models-in-nlp this url.Course name is Cybersecurity Attack and Defense Fundamentals. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the EC-Council. The course instructor is EC-Council. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Information security threats, vulnerabilities, and attacks.,Information security threats, vulnerabilities, and attacks.,Network security assessment techniques and tools.,Network security assessment techniques and tools.,Computer forensics fundaments, digital evidence, and forensic investigation phases.,Computer forensics fundaments, digital evidence, and forensic investigation phases.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Network Security, Security Engineering, System Security, Computer Networking, Computer Security Incident Management, Software Security, Computer Security Models, Mobile Security, Cyberattacks, Security Software, Internet Of Things, Network Architecture, Cloud Computing, Kubernetes, Regulations and Compliance
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/cybersecurity-attack-and-defense this url.Course name is Fundamentals of Computing. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Rice University. The course instructor is Luay Nakhleh. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Recursion,Algorithms,Python Programming,Dynamic Programming,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, Python Programming, Programming Principles, Mathematics, Algorithms, Computational Logic, Computational Thinking, Computer Programming Tools, Critical Thinking, Problem Solving, Theoretical Computer Science, Visualization (Computer Graphics), Computer Graphics, Data Structures, Graph Theory, Probability & Statistics, Combinatorics
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/computer-fundamentals this url.Course name is Fundamentals of GIS. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California, Davis. The course instructor is Nick Santos. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Define core geospatial concepts,Define core geospatial concepts,Practice with subset data using selections and feature attributes,Practice with subset data using selections and feature attributes,Create map books using advanced mapping techniques,Create map books using advanced mapping techniques,Create layer and map packages,Create layer and map packages,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  ArcGIS, Data Visualization, GIS Software, Data Visualization Software, Databases, Geovisualization, Interactive Data Visualization
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/gis this url.Course name is Market Research. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California, Davis. The course instructor is Susan Berman. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Compose a professionally packaged research plan or proposal,Compose a professionally packaged research plan or proposal,Analyze focus group data and create a focus group report following common business practices in qualitative market research,Analyze focus group data and create a focus group report following common business practices in qualitative market research,Design an effective questionnaire and launch your survey to the target audience,Design an effective questionnaire and launch your survey to the target audience,Analyze survey results, perform basic calculations, synthesize research findings and develop and deliver insights,Analyze survey results, perform basic calculations, synthesize research findings and develop and deliver insights,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Market Research, Research and Design, Marketing, Market Analysis, Communication, Business Research, Data Analysis, User Research, Critical Thinking, Decision Making, Strategy, Survey Creation, Business Communication, Planning, General Statistics, Correlation And Dependence, Data Visualization, Interactive Data Visualization, Marketing Psychology, People Management, Probability & Statistics, Storytelling, Data Analysis Software, Writing, Digital Marketing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/market-research this url.Course name is Aspectos básicos del diseño de la experiencia del usuario. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Identificar algunas de las responsabilidades laborales más comunes de los diseñadores de UX de nivel básico. ,Identificar algunas de las responsabilidades laborales más comunes de los diseñadores de UX de nivel básico. ,Comprender algunos conceptos básicos del diseño de UX, como el diseño centrado en el usuario, el proceso de diseño, la accesibilidad, etc.,Comprender algunos conceptos básicos del diseño de UX, como el diseño centrado en el usuario, el proceso de diseño, la accesibilidad, etc.,Explicar por qué los sprints de diseño son una parte importante y útil del trabajo de un diseñador de UX.,Explicar por qué los sprints de diseño son una parte importante y útil del trabajo de un diseñador de UX.,Empezar a crear un portfolio en línea donde puedas mostrar tus próximos trabajos.,Empezar a crear un portfolio en línea donde puedas mostrar tus próximos trabajos.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Research and Design, User Experience, User Experience Design, Leadership and Management, Persona Research, Collaboration, Communication, Creativity, Organizational Development, Reinforcement Learning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/aspectos-basicos-del-diseno-de-la-experiencia-del-usuario-ux this url.Course name is Digital Manufacturing & Design Technology. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University at Buffalo. The course instructor is Ken English. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Artificial Intelligence (AI),Digital Design,Manufacturing Engineer,Industry 4.0,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Design and Product, Leadership and Management, Product Lifecycle, Product Management, Strategy and Operations, Product Development, Business Process Management, Product Design, Supply Chain Systems, Data Management, Systems Design, Computer Networking, Supply Chain and Logistics, Human Computer Interaction, Process Analysis, Technical Product Management, Data Analysis, Project Management, System Security, Cloud Computing, Cyberattacks, Security Engineering, Big Data, Cloud Storage, Communication, Computer Security Models, Interactive Design, Network Security, Planning, Security Software, Security Strategy, Software Security, Supplier Relationship Management, Data Analysis Software, Digital Marketing, Machine Learning, Computer Security Incident Management, Data Visualization, Internet Of Things, Exploratory Data Analysis, Business Communication, Computer Graphics, Marketing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/digital-manufacturing-design-technology this url.Course name is Introductory C Programming. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Duke University. The course instructor is Andrew D. Hilton. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Software Engineering,Computer Programming,Algorithms,Problem Solving,C Programming,Debugging,Software Development Process,Software Design,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Python Programming, Computer Programming, C Programming Language Family, Algorithms, Computational Logic, Critical Thinking, Problem Solving, Process Analysis, Programming Principles, Computer Programming Tools, Data Visualization, Theoretical Computer Science, Computational Thinking, Software Testing, Writing, Software Engineering, User Experience
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/c-programming this url.Course name is Introduction to User Experience Design. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Georgia Institute of Technology. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Usability,User Experience (UX),User Experience Design (UXD),User Interface,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  User Experience, User Experience Design, User Research, Customer Analysis, Design and Product, Interactive Design, Product Design, Research and Design, Graphic Design, Product Development
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/user-experience-design this url.Course name is Python Project for Data Engineering. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Ramesh Sannareddy. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Demonstrate your skills in Python for working with and manipulating data,Demonstrate your skills in Python for working with and manipulating data,Implement webscraping and use APIs to extract data with Python,Implement webscraping and use APIs to extract data with Python,Play the role of a Data Engineer working on a real project to extract, transform, and load data,Play the role of a Data Engineer working on a real project to extract, transform, and load data,Use Jupyter notebooks and IDEs to complete your project,Use Jupyter notebooks and IDEs to complete your project,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, Data Management, Data Mining, Data Structures, Extract, Transform, Load, Python Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/python-project-for-data-engineering this url.Course name is International Leadership and Organizational Behavior. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Università Bocconi. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Social Network,Leadership,Management,Cross-Cultural Communication,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Business Psychology, Culture, Human Resources, Communication, Entrepreneurship, Leadership Development, Organizational Development, Conflict Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/organizational-behavior this url.Course name is ESG Risks and Opportunities. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Witold Henisz. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Critical Thinking, Investment Management, Leadership and Management, Regulations and Compliance, Risk Management, Strategy, Strategy and Operations, Business Analysis, Business Transformation, Performance Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/esg-risks-opportunities this url.Course name is Using Python to Access Web Data. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Michigan. The course instructor is Charles Russell Severance. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Use regular expressions to extract data from strings,Use regular expressions to extract data from strings,Understand the protocols web browsers use to retrieve documents and web apps,Understand the protocols web browsers use to retrieve documents and web apps,Retrieve data from websites and APIs using Python,Retrieve data from websites and APIs using Python,Work with XML (eXtensible Markup Language) data,Work with XML (eXtensible Markup Language) data,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, Computer Programming Tools, Programming Principles, Python Programming, Data Structures, Web Development, Web Development Tools, Computer Networking, HTML and CSS, Network Architecture
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/python-network-data this url.Course name is Digital Signal Processing. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne. The course instructor is Martin Vetterli. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Discover discrete-time signal and analyze them with the Fourier transform.,Discover discrete-time signal and analyze them with the Fourier transform.,Learn to manipulate signals with filters.,Learn to manipulate signals with filters.,Move back and forth from the analog to the digital world.,Move back and forth from the analog to the digital world.,Learn about digital data communication and real-time DSP.,Learn about digital data communication and real-time DSP.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Mathematics, Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Algebra, Linear Algebra, Plot (Graphics), Algorithms, Applied Mathematics, Critical Thinking, Calculus
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/digital-signal-processing this url.Course name is Scrum Master. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the SkillUp EdTech. The course instructor is Daniel C. Yeomans. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Master the most up-to-date concepts, tools, principles, and the language Scrum Masters use regularly,Master the most up-to-date concepts, tools, principles, and the language Scrum Masters use regularly,Apply your new Scrum Master skills to real-world projects,Apply your new Scrum Master skills to real-world projects,Build a portfolio of projects to showcase your Scrum Master skills to employers,Build a portfolio of projects to showcase your Scrum Master skills to employers,Take a practice exam designed to prepare you for the CSM certification exam from Scrum Alliance,Take a practice exam designed to prepare you for the CSM certification exam from Scrum Alliance,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Project Management, Scrum (Software Development), Software Engineering
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/skillup-edtech-scrummaster this url.Course name is Extended Reality for Everybody. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Michigan. The course instructor is Michael Nebeling. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Learn the underlying concepts, enabling technologies, and key applications for all things XR,Learn the underlying concepts, enabling technologies, and key applications for all things XR,,,Understand key issues and developments in XR and learn how to address them in design and development of XR applications,Understand key issues and developments in XR and learn how to address them in design and development of XR applications,Design and develop your own XR applications,Design and develop your own XR applications,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Human Computer Interaction, Virtual Reality, Computer Graphics, Interactive Design, User Experience, User Experience Design, Design and Product, Research and Design, Application Development, Product Development, Computer Programming, Product Design, Visual Design
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/extended-reality-for-everybody this url.Course name is Embedding Sensors and Motors. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Colorado Boulder. The course instructor is James Zweighaft. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Study a lab experiment or production process and understand how to specify the proper sensor solution for taking real-time process data,Study a lab experiment or production process and understand how to specify the proper sensor solution for taking real-time process data,Implement the sensor into an embedded system in both hardware and software,Implement the sensor into an embedded system in both hardware and software,Modify existing hardware schematic to add sensors and all support circuitry needed to implement the signal chain in existing microprocessor system,Modify existing hardware schematic to add sensors and all support circuitry needed to implement the signal chain in existing microprocessor system,Create hardware and firmware to process the sensor signal and feed data to a microprocessor for further evaluation,Create hardware and firmware to process the sensor signal and feed data to a microprocessor for further evaluation,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, Operations Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/embedding-sensors-motors this url.Course name is Antibiotic Stewardship. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Stanford University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Advanced. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/antibiotic-stewardship this url.Course name is تحليلات البيانات من Google. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 اكتساب فهم شامل للممارسات والعمليات التي يستخدمها محلل بيانات مبتدئ أو مشارك في وظيفته اليومية,اكتساب فهم شامل للممارسات والعمليات التي يستخدمها محلل بيانات مبتدئ أو مشارك في وظيفته اليومية,تعلم المهارات التحليلية الأساسية (تنظيف البيانات وتحليلها ومؤثرات العرض) والأدوات (جداول البيانات، وSQL، وبرمجة R، وTableau) ,تعلم المهارات التحليلية الأساسية (تنظيف البيانات وتحليلها ومؤثرات العرض) والأدوات (جداول البيانات، وSQL، وبرمجة R، وTableau) ,التعرّف على كيفية تنظيف البيانات وتنظيمها للتحليل، وإكمال التحليل والحسابات باستخدام جداول البيانات وبرمجة SQL وبرمجة R,التعرّف على كيفية تنظيف البيانات وتنظيمها للتحليل، وإكمال التحليل والحسابات باستخدام جداول البيانات وبرمجة SQL وبرمجة R,تعرّف على كيفية تصور مؤثرات عرض نتائج البيانات وتقديمها في لوحات المعلومات والعروض التقديمية والأنظمة الأساسية لمؤثرات العرض شائعة الاستخدام,تعرّف على كيفية تصور مؤثرات عرض نتائج البيانات وتقديمها في لوحات المعلومات والعروض التقديمية والأنظمة الأساسية لمؤثرات العرض شائعة الاستخدام,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, Problem Solving, Python Programming, Programming Principles, Computer Programming Tools, Algebra, Computational Thinking, Exploratory Data Analysis, Mathematics, Data Analysis, Process Analysis, Differential Equations, Theoretical Computer Science, Critical Thinking, Data Analysis Software, Data Visualization, Databases, Decision Making, People Analysis, SQL, Communication
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/google-data-analytics-arabic this url.Course name is Equine Welfare and Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California, Davis. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/equine this url.Course name is Principles of Sustainable Finance. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Erasmus University Rotterdam. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Learn what the principles of sustainable finance are,Learn what the principles of sustainable finance are,Understand what the interplay is between the UN Sustainable Development Goals and finance,Understand what the interplay is between the UN Sustainable Development Goals and finance,Understand what the importance of a long-term perspective is ,Understand what the importance of a long-term perspective is ,Understand the role of finance in the transition to a sustainable economy,Understand the role of finance in the transition to a sustainable economy,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Finance, Risk Management, Critical Thinking, Financial Management, Leadership and Management, Strategy and Operations, Business Transformation, Decision Making, Financial Analysis, Strategy
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/sustainable-finance this url.Course name is Introduction to Relational Databases (RDBMS). This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Rav Ahuja. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describe data, databases, relational databases, and cloud databases.,Describe data, databases, relational databases, and cloud databases.,Describe information and data models, relational databases, and relational model concepts (including schemas and tables). ,Describe information and data models, relational databases, and relational model concepts (including schemas and tables). ,Explain an Entity Relationship Diagram and design a relational database for a specific use case.,Explain an Entity Relationship Diagram and design a relational database for a specific use case.,Develop a working knowledge of popular DBMSes including MySQL, PostgreSQL, and IBM DB2,Develop a working knowledge of popular DBMSes including MySQL, PostgreSQL, and IBM DB2,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Management, Database Administration, Database Application, Database Design, Databases, SQL, Data Architecture, Data Structures, Data Model, Database Theory, PostgreSQL
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-to-relational-databases this url.Course name is The Sustainable Development Goals – A global, transdisciplinary vision for the future. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Copenhagen. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Critical Thinking
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/global-sustainable-development this url.Course name is Positive Psychology: Martin E. P. Seligman’s Visionary Science. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Martin E.P. Seligman, Ph.D.. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand the scientific foundations of Positive Psychology,Understand the scientific foundations of Positive Psychology,Explain how skills of well-being can be learned and taught,Explain how skills of well-being can be learned and taught,Describe why mind and body flourish together,Describe why mind and body flourish together,Discuss inspiring new developments in the field of Positive Psychology,Discuss inspiring new developments in the field of Positive Psychology,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/positive-psychology-visionary-science this url.Course name is Security Awareness Training. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the ISC2. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Malware,Cybersecurity,Password,Network Security,Data Security,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Human Factors (Security), Security Engineering, Security Strategy, Software Security, System Security, Network Security, Security Software, Cyberattacks, Human Computer Interaction, Mobile Security
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/security-awareness-training this url.Course name is Desarrollador front-end de Meta. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Meta. The course instructor is Taught by Meta Staff. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Create a responsive website using HTML to structure content, CSS to handle visual style, and JavaScript to develop interactive experiences. ,Create a responsive website using HTML to structure content, CSS to handle visual style, and JavaScript to develop interactive experiences. ,Learn to use React in relation to Javascript libraries and frameworks.,Learn to use React in relation to Javascript libraries and frameworks.,Learn Bootstrap CSS Framework to create webpages and work with GitHub repositories and version control.,Learn Bootstrap CSS Framework to create webpages and work with GitHub repositories and version control.,Prepare for a coding interview, learn best approaches to problem-solving, and build portfolio-ready projects you can share during job interviews.,Prepare for a coding interview, learn best approaches to problem-solving, and build portfolio-ready projects you can share during job interviews.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/meta-front-end-developer-es this url.Course name is Abnormal Psychology. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Wesleyan University. The course instructor is Jen D'Andrea. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 An intro level understanding of basic tenets of psychopathology, including how to identify indications of distress,An intro level understanding of basic tenets of psychopathology, including how to identify indications of distress,Empathic approaches to engaging with individuals in distress and evidence-based strategies for supporting yourself and others,Empathic approaches to engaging with individuals in distress and evidence-based strategies for supporting yourself and others,An awareness of historical precedent in the discipline of mental health and how that history affects modern-day perceptions of psychopathology,An awareness of historical precedent in the discipline of mental health and how that history affects modern-day perceptions of psychopathology,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/abnormal-psychology this url.Course name is Introduction to Computers and Operating Systems and Security. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Microsoft. The course instructor is  Microsoft. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to identify various components of a computer system.,How to identify various components of a computer system.,How to explain the way in which computer components interact with an operating system.,How to explain the way in which computer components interact with an operating system.,How to describe the basics of the cybersecurity landscape.,How to describe the basics of the cybersecurity landscape.,How to describe various business computing environments.,How to describe various business computing environments.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cloud Computing, Computer Architecture, Operating Systems, System Security
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-to-computers-and-operating-systems-and-security this url.Course name is Teach English Now! Capstone Project 1. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Arizona State University. The course instructor is Dr. Shane Dixon. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Teach English with confidence,Teach English with confidence,Create a complete plan for a single lesson,Create a complete plan for a single lesson,Manage your classroom schedule,Manage your classroom schedule,Compose your own teaching tips,Compose your own teaching tips,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Planning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/teaching-english-capstone this url.Course name is Medical Billing and Coding Essentials. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the MedCerts. The course instructor is Barbara Westrick. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describe the phases of the revenue cycle,Describe the phases of the revenue cycle,Gain an understanding of basic insurance terminology,Gain an understanding of basic insurance terminology,Demonstrate knowledge of confidentiality and billing laws, regulations, and standards,Demonstrate knowledge of confidentiality and billing laws, regulations, and standards,Explain verification of patient financial responsibility and insurance information,Explain verification of patient financial responsibility and insurance information,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/medical-billing-coding-essentials this url.Course name is Plant Bioinformatic Methods. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Toronto. The course instructor is Nicholas James Provart. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Genetic Analysis,Bioinformatics Analysis,Evolution,Comparative Genomics,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Bioinformatics, Probability & Statistics
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/plant-bioinformatic-methods this url.Course name is Developing Front-End Apps with React. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is IBM Skills Network Team. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Develop interactive user interfaces (UIs) and web applications using React, JSX, and ES6.,Develop interactive user interfaces (UIs) and web applications using React, JSX, and ES6.,Build dynamic websites and front-end applications quickly and easily with reusable React components.,Build dynamic websites and front-end applications quickly and easily with reusable React components., , , Communicate and exchange data with external services using GET, POST, UPDATE, and DELETE requests., Communicate and exchange data with external services using GET, POST, UPDATE, and DELETE requests.,,,Employ and work with various React concepts and features including props, states, hooks, forms, and Redux.,Employ and work with various React concepts and features including props, states, hooks, forms, and Redux.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Front-End Web Development, Javascript, React (web framework), Web Development
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.3. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/developing-frontend-apps-with-react this url.Course name is CVS Health Retail Customer Service. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the CVS Health. The course instructor is Denielle Booth. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Create positive interactions with customers and de-escalate conflict,Create positive interactions with customers and de-escalate conflict,Process retail transactions in real-world situations,Process retail transactions in real-world situations,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, Leadership and Management, Problem Solving, Social Media
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/cvshealth-retail-customer-service this url.Course name is Linux and Private Cloud Administration on IBM Power Systems. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM . The course instructor is Chris Caillouet. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Cloud Computing,virtualization,IBM Power Systems,System Administration,Red Hat Enterprise Linux,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Architecture, Cloud Computing, IBM Cloud, Cloud Platforms, Operating Systems, Cloud Infrastructure, Cloud Management, Other Cloud Platforms and Tools, Systems Design, Computer Networking, Linux
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/linux-private-cloud-administration-power-systems this url.Course name is Write Professional Emails in English. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Georgia Institute of Technology. The course instructor is Gerry Landers. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Professional,Email Writing,Communication,Writing,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Writing, Business Communication, Professional Development
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/professional-emails-english this url.Course name is Advanced Valuation and Strategy - M&A, Private Equity, and Venture Capital. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Erasmus University Rotterdam. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Finance, Mergers & Acquisitions, Business Analysis, Data Analysis, Financial Analysis, Investment Management, Accounting, Leadership and Management, Sales, Strategy, Game Theory
. The level of difficulty for this course is Advanced. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/advanced-valuation-and-strategy this url.Course name is The AI Awakening: Implications for the Economy and Society. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Stanford University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Fundamentals of Generative AI,Fundamentals of Generative AI,Impact of Generative AI on Business and the Economy,Impact of Generative AI on Business and the Economy,Potential Risks of GenAI and its Effects on Employment,Potential Risks of GenAI and its Effects on Employment,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/ai-awakening this url.Course name is Electric Industry Operations and Markets. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Duke University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Operations Management, Strategy and Operations, Operational Analysis, Market Analysis, Supply Chain Systems, Operating Systems, Planning, Regulations and Compliance, Systems Design, Transportation Operations Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/electricity this url.Course name is Professional Skills for the Workplace. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California, Davis. The course instructor is Lisa Montanaro. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Resiliency,Problem Solving,Growth Strategies,Emotional Intelligence,Adaptability,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Communication, Emotional Intelligence, Professional Development, Collaboration, Problem Solving, Critical Thinking, People Development, Business Psychology, Strategy and Operations, Adaptability, People Analysis, Strategy, Resilience, Entrepreneurship, Planning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/professional-skills-for-the-workplace this url.Course name is Introduction to Psychology. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Toronto. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Psychological Issues,Psychology,Social Psychology,Mental Illness,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-psych this url.Course name is Essentials of Global Health. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Yale University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/essentials-global-health this url.Course name is Navigating Generative AI for Leaders. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Coursera . The course instructor is Jeff Maggioncalda, Coursera CEO. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 A practical overview of GenAI’s capabilities, limitations, and where it may be heading ,A practical overview of GenAI’s capabilities, limitations, and where it may be heading ,How to use GenAI as a "thought partner” to set strategy, improve decision-making, analyze competition, and communicate more effectively,How to use GenAI as a "thought partner” to set strategy, improve decision-making, analyze competition, and communicate more effectively,How to enable your organization to use GenAI to create customer value and boost productivity within technical and ethical guardrails,How to enable your organization to use GenAI to create customer value and boost productivity within technical and ethical guardrails,How to navigate ethical, regulatory, and legal risks related to GenAI in order to move quickly but safely in adopting the technology,How to navigate ethical, regulatory, and legal risks related to GenAI in order to move quickly but safely in adopting the technology,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 5.0. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/navigating-generative-ai-for-leaders this url.Course name is Organizational Change and Culture for Adopting Google Cloud. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google Cloud. The course instructor is Google Cloud Training. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 SRE Culture,Business Value,Organizational Culture,Business Transformation,Business Case Analysis,Business Strategy,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Strategy and Operations, Cloud Computing, Business Transformation, Collaboration, DevOps, Communication, Innovation, Product Development, Strategy, Design and Product, Leadership Development, Change Management, Business Analysis, Business Intelligence, Customer Analysis, Data Analysis, Data Management, Entrepreneurship, Google Cloud Platform, Product Management, Cloud Platforms, Culture, Google App Engine
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/organizational-change-and-culture-for-adopting-google-cloud this url.Course name is Natural Language Processing with Sequence Models. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Younes Bensouda Mourri. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Use recurrent neural networks, LSTMs, GRUs & Siamese networks in Trax for sentiment analysis, text generation & named entity recognition.,Use recurrent neural networks, LSTMs, GRUs & Siamese networks in Trax for sentiment analysis, text generation & named entity recognition.,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Artificial Neural Networks, Deep Learning, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Statistical Programming, Python Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/sequence-models-in-nlp this url.Course name is Microsoft Azure Developer Associate (AZ-204). This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Microsoft. The course instructor is  Microsoft. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Develop Azure compute solutions,Monitor and troubleshoot Azure solutions,Develop for Azure storage,Connect to and consume Azure services and third-party services,Implement Azure security,View all skills,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Microsoft Azure, Cloud Computing, Cloud Applications, Cloud Management, Cloud Platforms, Cloud Storage, Cloud Engineering, Cloud-Based Integration, Application Development, Computer Programming, Software Security, Web Development, Data Management, DevOps, System Security, Databases, Software Engineering, Computer Networking, Data Structures, Leadership and Management, Network Architecture, Network Security, Linux, Communication
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/azure-developer-associate this url.Course name is Coding for Beginners: An Easy Introduction. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is IBM Skills Network Team. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Create and execute a Python program using the IDE. ,Create and execute a Python program using the IDE. ,Write and run code to display a phrase in several languages. ,Write and run code to display a phrase in several languages. ,Recognize programming concepts. ,Recognize programming concepts. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, Python Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 2.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/projects/coding-for-beginners-an-easy-introduction this url.Course name is International Business Essentials. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of London. The course instructor is David James. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Build the essential business, academic and cultural skills necessary to succeed in international business.,Build the essential business, academic and cultural skills necessary to succeed in international business.,Practice a variety of ways to present data, probability and statistical estimation.,Practice a variety of ways to present data, probability and statistical estimation.,Learn the essential mathematics required to succeed in international business, including equations and functions.,Learn the essential mathematics required to succeed in international business, including equations and functions.,Explore the international business environment in which organisations function, learning about core analysis methods such as PESTLE and SWOT.,Explore the international business environment in which organisations function, learning about core analysis methods such as PESTLE and SWOT.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Leadership and Management, Linear Algebra, Probability & Statistics, Statistical Analysis, Algebra, Basic Descriptive Statistics, General Statistics, Mathematics, Organizational Development, Strategy, Critical Thinking, Decision Making, Problem Solving, Statistical Tests, Business Process Management, Communication, Calculus, Data Analysis, Strategy and Operations, Business Analysis, Business Development, Probability Distribution, Business Psychology, Collaboration, Conflict Management, Leadership Development, People Management, Performance Management, Professional Development, Correlation And Dependence, Marketing, Product Management, Product Strategy, Sales, Differential Equations, Change Management, Planning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/mba this url.Course name is Blockchain Revolution. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the INSEAD. The course instructor is Don Tapscott. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Seven design principles for the ‘Blockchain Revolution’,Seven design principles for the ‘Blockchain Revolution’,Top 10 challenges for implementing blockchain technology,Top 10 challenges for implementing blockchain technology,Terms such as miner, hash, nonce, consensus mechanism, public key cryptography, cryptoasset, smart contract, DApp, and self-sovereign identity,Terms such as miner, hash, nonce, consensus mechanism, public key cryptography, cryptoasset, smart contract, DApp, and self-sovereign identity,Blockchain use-cases within your industry, and business model decisions to assess feasibility,Blockchain use-cases within your industry, and business model decisions to assess feasibility,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  BlockChain, Finance, FinTech, Innovation, Cryptography, Strategy and Operations, System Security, Distributed Computing Architecture, Leadership and Management, Contract Management, Entrepreneurship, Network Model, Network Security, Regulations and Compliance, Research and Design, Strategy, Human Resources, Risk Management, Recruitment
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/blockchain-revolution-enterprise this url.Course name is Relationship Management and Business Development. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Starweaver. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Implement effective strategies to identify and cultivate relationships with clients, stakeholders, and business partners.   ,Implement effective strategies to identify and cultivate relationships with clients, stakeholders, and business partners.   ,Apply techniques for segmenting target markets and utilizing proactive networking approaches to identify potential relationship opportunities.   ,Apply techniques for segmenting target markets and utilizing proactive networking approaches to identify potential relationship opportunities.   ,Build rapport and engage in effective communication within a business context, emphasizing trust, credibility, and strong connections.  ,Build rapport and engage in effective communication within a business context, emphasizing trust, credibility, and strong connections.  , Leverage relationships to create business opportunities through a client-centric approach, and upselling, and nurturing long-term partnerships., Leverage relationships to create business opportunities through a client-centric approach, and upselling, and nurturing long-term partnerships.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Development, Customer Relationship Management, Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.4. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/relationship-management-and-business-development this url.Course name is Liderazgo y Pensamiento Crítico. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Tecnológico de Monterrey. The course instructor is Elliott Kruse. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 ,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Culture, Persona Research, Organizational Development, Emotional Intelligence, Continuous Integration, Critical Thinking, People Analysis, Strategy, Adaptability, Correlation And Dependence, Benefits, Collaboration, Decision Making, Negotiation, Process Analysis, Communication, Leadership and Management, Natural Language Processing, Public Relations, Reinforcement Learning, Change Management, Professional Development, Talent Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Advanced. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/liderazgo-pensamiento-critico this url.Course name is Marketing Analytics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Virginia. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to build and define a brand architecture and how to measure the impact of marketing efforts on brand value over time,How to build and define a brand architecture and how to measure the impact of marketing efforts on brand value over time,How to measure customer lifetime value  and use that information to evaluate strategic marketing alternatives ,How to measure customer lifetime value  and use that information to evaluate strategic marketing alternatives ,How to design basic experiments so that you can assess your marketing efforts and invest your marketing dollars most effectively,How to design basic experiments so that you can assess your marketing efforts and invest your marketing dollars most effectively,How to set up regressions, interpret outputs, explore confounding effects and biases, and distinguish between economic and statistical significance,How to set up regressions, interpret outputs, explore confounding effects and biases, and distinguish between economic and statistical significance,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Analysis, Data Analysis, Market Analysis, Marketing, Brand Management, Customer Analysis, Customer Relationship Management, Strategy, Digital Marketing, Probability & Statistics, Regression
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/uva-darden-market-analytics this url.Course name is Fundamentos de la ciberseguridad. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Reconoce las habilidades y conocimientos básicos necesarios para convertirte en analista de ciberseguridad,Reconoce las habilidades y conocimientos básicos necesarios para convertirte en analista de ciberseguridad,Identifica cómo los ataques a la ciberseguridad afectan a las operaciones comerciales,Identifica cómo los ataques a la ciberseguridad afectan a las operaciones comerciales,Qué es la ética de seguridad?,Qué es la ética de seguridad?,Identifica las herramientas más comunes que se utilizan en el análisis de ciberseguridad,Identifica las herramientas más comunes que se utilizan en el análisis de ciberseguridad,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Python Programming, SQL
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/fundamentos-de-la-ciberseguridad this url.Course name is Coaching Skills for Managers. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California, Davis. The course instructor is Kris Plachy. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Active Listening,Communication,Management,Coaching,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Human Resources, Communication, Employee Relations, People Management, Leadership Development, People Development, Performance Management, Professional Development, Organizational Development, Talent Management, Business Psychology, Emotional Intelligence, Problem Solving, Training, People Analysis, Entrepreneurship, Strategy and Operations
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/coaching-skills-manager this url.Course name is Python Basics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Michigan. The course instructor is Paul Resnick. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Learn Python 3 basics, including conditional statements, loops, and data structures like strings and lists.,Learn Python 3 basics, including conditional statements, loops, and data structures like strings and lists.,Develop practical programming skills by creating drawings and building your debugging abilities.,Develop practical programming skills by creating drawings and building your debugging abilities.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, Python Programming, Problem Solving
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/python-basics this url.Course name is Moral Foundations of Politics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Yale University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Critical Thinking
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/moral-politics this url.Course name is Understanding Research Methods. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of London. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Planning, Writing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/research-methods this url.Course name is Marketing with TikTok. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Aptly. The course instructor is Anke Audenaert. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Create an effective marketing campaign on TikTok for your business,Create an effective marketing campaign on TikTok for your business,Promote your business on TikTok through original content that will target your ideal audience,Promote your business on TikTok through original content that will target your ideal audience,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Marketing, Social Media, Digital Marketing, Media Strategy & Planning, Advertising Sales, Media Production, E-Commerce, Sales, Strategy, Market Analysis
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/marketing-with-tiktok this url.Course name is Social Media Marketing. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Northwestern University. The course instructor is Randy Hlavac. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Business Planning,Social Media Marketing,Analytics,Influencer Marketing,Digital Marketing,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Marketing, Social Media, Communication, Digital Marketing, Media Strategy & Planning, Market Research, Strategy, Marketing Management, Brand Management, Advertising, Entrepreneurship, Decision Making, Market Analysis, Research and Design, Customer Success, Investment Management, People Management, Persona Research
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/social-media-marketing this url.Course name is C Programming with Linux. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Dartmouth College. The course instructor is Rémi SHARROCK. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Develop and debug code in the C programming language,Develop and debug code in the C programming language,Discover the foundations of computer programming and Linux, the command line, manage processes, files and memory, compile C code with Linux,Discover the foundations of computer programming and Linux, the command line, manage processes, files and memory, compile C code with Linux,Interpret, analyze, and implement important computer algorithms,Interpret, analyze, and implement important computer algorithms,Observe, manipulate, and optimize computer memory using pointers in the C programming language,Observe, manipulate, and optimize computer memory using pointers in the C programming language,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, Computer Programming Tools, Linux
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/c-programming-linux this url.Course name is Version Control with Git. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Atlassian. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Version Control,Github,Command-Line Interface,Bitbucket,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Agile Software Development, Collaboration, Computer Programming Tools, DevOps, Devops Tools, Software Engineering, Software Engineering Tools, Application Development, Project Management, Continuous Delivery
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/version-control-with-git this url.Course name is Introduction to Sustainability. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/sustainability this url.Course name is Immunology: The Immune System and its Failures. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Imperial College London. The course instructor is Sophie Rutschmann. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 You will learn central concepts in human immunology and advanced topics from cutting-edge research relating to clinical disease of the immune system.,You will learn central concepts in human immunology and advanced topics from cutting-edge research relating to clinical disease of the immune system.,You will link this knowledge to everyday relevant immunological manifestations (autoimmunity, defense against infectious diseases, tumor immunology).,You will link this knowledge to everyday relevant immunological manifestations (autoimmunity, defense against infectious diseases, tumor immunology).,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/immunology-the-immune-system-and-its-failures this url.Course name is Fundamentals of Music Theory. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the The University of Edinburgh. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Notation,Scales,Chords,Harmony,Rhythm,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/edinburgh-music-theory this url.Course name is Introduction to Git and GitHub. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand why version control is a fundamental tool for coding and collaboration,Understand why version control is a fundamental tool for coding and collaboration,Install and run Git on your local machine ,Install and run Git on your local machine ,Use and interact with GitHub ,Use and interact with GitHub ,Collaborate with others through remote repositories,Collaborate with others through remote repositories,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Collaboration, Computer Programming, Python Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-git-github this url.Course name is First Principles of Computer Vision. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Columbia University. The course instructor is Shree Nayar. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Master the working principles of a digital camera and learn the fundamentals of imaging processing,Master the working principles of a digital camera and learn the fundamentals of imaging processing,Create a theory of feature detection and develop algorithms for extracting features from images,Create a theory of feature detection and develop algorithms for extracting features from images,,,Explore novel methods for using visual cues (shading, defocus, etc.) to recover the 3D shape of an object from multiple images or viewpoints,Explore novel methods for using visual cues (shading, defocus, etc.) to recover the 3D shape of an object from multiple images or viewpoints,,,Get exposed to fundamental perceptions tasks such as image segmentation, object tracking, and object recognition,Get exposed to fundamental perceptions tasks such as image segmentation, object tracking, and object recognition,,,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Vision, Mathematics, Algebra, Algorithms, Computational Thinking
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/firstprinciplesofcomputervision this url.Course name is Leading Diverse Teams & Organizations. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Michigan. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand when and why diversity benefits teams and organizations.,Understand when and why diversity benefits teams and organizations.,Design equitable organizational processes.,Design equitable organizational processes.,Develop behavioral skills to promote inclusive team environment.,Develop behavioral skills to promote inclusive team environment.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/leading-diverse-teams-and-organizations this url.Course name is Computational Thinking for Problem Solving. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Simple Algorithm,Python Programming,Problem Solving,Computation,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computational Thinking, Computer Programming, Problem Solving, Algorithms, Computational Logic, Critical Thinking, Programming Principles, Python Programming, Theoretical Computer Science, Computer Programming Tools
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/computational-thinking-problem-solving this url.Course name is Inspired Leadership. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Case Western Reserve University. The course instructor is Diana Bilimoria, PhD. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Appreciative Inquiry,Negotiation,Leadership,Emotional Intelligence,Coaching,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Communication, Emotional Intelligence, Leadership Development, Influencing, Human Resources, Change Management, Critical Thinking, Business Psychology, Organizational Development, Strategy, Collaboration, Entrepreneurship, Human Learning, Professional Development, People Development, Strategy and Operations, Marketing, People Analysis, Problem Solving, Negotiation
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/inspired-leadership this url.Course name is Corporate & Commercial Law I: Contracts & Employment Law. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Contract Management, Critical Thinking, Leadership and Management, Regulations and Compliance, Business Communication, Decision Making, Employee Relations, Negotiation, Payments, Professional Development
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/corporate-commercial-law-part1 this url.Course name is Hotel Management: Distribution, Revenue and Demand Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the ESSEC Business School. The course instructor is Peter O'Connor. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Pricing,Revenue Management,Forecasting,Hotel Management,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Analysis, Leadership and Management, Strategy and Operations, Market Analysis, Marketing, Strategy, Business Process Management, Forecasting, Media Strategy & Planning, Operations Management, Performance Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/hotel-management this url.Course name is Bioinformatics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California San Diego. The course instructor is Pavel  Pevzner. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Bioinformatics,Suffix Tree,Unweighted Pair Group Method with Arithmetic Mean (UPGMA),Viterbi Algorithm,Algorithms,Python Programming,Whole Genome Sequencing,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Bioinformatics, Algorithms, Computer Programming, Probability & Statistics, Computational Thinking, Computational Logic, Python Programming, Theoretical Computer Science, Critical Thinking, Graph Theory, Problem Solving
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.3. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/bioinformatics this url.Course name is Machine Learning. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Washington. The course instructor is Emily Fox. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Data Clustering Algorithms,Machine Learning,Classification Algorithms,Decision Tree,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Algorithms, Machine Learning Algorithms, Human Learning, Applied Machine Learning, Statistical Machine Learning, Python Programming, Probability & Statistics, Regression, Data Analysis, Machine Learning Software, Mathematics, Problem Solving, Computer Programming, Decision Making
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/machine-learning this url.Course name is Developing Back-End Apps with Node.js and Express. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Upkar Lidder. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Create server-side applications using the Node.js JavaScript run time.   ,Create server-side applications using the Node.js JavaScript run time.   ,Extend your Node.js applications with third-party packages and frameworks, including Express.   ,Extend your Node.js applications with third-party packages and frameworks, including Express.   ,Use npm to manage Node.js packages in your Node.js application.   ,Use npm to manage Node.js packages in your Node.js application.   ,Develop asynchronous callback functions and promises to complete asynchronous operations.     ,Develop asynchronous callback functions and promises to complete asynchronous operations.     ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Javascript, Web Development, Computer Science
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/developing-backend-apps-with-nodejs-and-express this url.Course name is Introduction to Containers w/ Docker, Kubernetes & OpenShift. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Alex Parker. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Using containers, learn how to move applications quickly across any environment.,Using containers, learn how to move applications quickly across any environment.,Build cloud native applications using Docker, Kubernetes, OpenShift, and Istio.,Build cloud native applications using Docker, Kubernetes, OpenShift, and Istio.,Describe and leverage Kubernetes architecture to set up and use an entire lifecycle-based container management system.,Describe and leverage Kubernetes architecture to set up and use an entire lifecycle-based container management system.,Create and leverage a YAML deployment file to configure and create resources such as pods, services, replicasets, and others in a declarative way.,Create and leverage a YAML deployment file to configure and create resources such as pods, services, replicasets, and others in a declarative way.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Kubernetes, Docker (Software), Cloud Computing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.4. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/ibm-containers-docker-kubernetes-openshift this url.Course name is Algorithmic Toolbox. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California San Diego. The course instructor is Neil Rhodes. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Essential algorithmic techniques,Essential algorithmic techniques,Design efficient algorithms,Design efficient algorithms,Practice solving algorithmic interview problems,Practice solving algorithmic interview problems,Implement efficient and reliable solutions,Implement efficient and reliable solutions,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Algorithms, Computer Programming, Problem Solving, Theoretical Computer Science, Computational Thinking, Critical Thinking, Computer Programming Tools, Computational Logic, Data Structures, Mathematics, Software Testing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/algorithmic-toolbox this url.Course name is Learn Chinese: HSK Test Preparation. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Peking University. The course instructor is LU Yun. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Chinese Language,Hanyu Shuiping Kaoshi (HSK),
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Writing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/hsk-learn-chinese this url.Course name is Game Design and Development with Unity 2020. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Michigan State University. The course instructor is Brian Winn. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 The ability to design and develop 2D games.,The ability to design and develop 2D games.,The ability to design and develop 3D games.,The ability to design and develop 3D games.,The game design and development process.,The game design and development process.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  User Experience, Game Theory, Design and Product, Interactive Design, Software Engineering, User Experience Design, Computer Graphics, Computer Programming, Graphic Design, Software Engineering Tools, Creativity, Human Computer Interaction, Storytelling, Visual Design, Product Development
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/game-design-and-development this url.Course name is Learning and Development. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the HRCI. The course instructor is Brad Boyson. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to create and deliver effective trainings in your organization,How to create and deliver effective trainings in your organization,How to evaluate key metrics that will demonstrate training outcomes and results,How to evaluate key metrics that will demonstrate training outcomes and results,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Training
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/learning-and-development this url.Course name is Wind Energy. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Technical University of Denmark (DTU). The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Wind Energy,Materials,Wind Power,Wind Energy Engineering,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/wind-energy this url.Course name is Finding Purpose and Meaning In Life: Living for What Matters Most. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Michigan. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand that having a strong purpose in life is an essential element of human well-being,Understand that having a strong purpose in life is an essential element of human well-being,Know how self-transcending purpose positively affects well-being,Know how self-transcending purpose positively affects well-being,Create a purpose for your life,Create a purpose for your life,Apply personal approaches and skills to self-change and become and stay connected to your purpose every day,Apply personal approaches and skills to self-change and become and stay connected to your purpose every day,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/finding-purpose-and-meaning-in-life this url.Course name is Accounting: Principles of Financial Accounting. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IESE Business School. The course instructor is Marc Badia. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Financial Accounting,Accounting,Financial Statement,Balance Sheet,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Accounting, Financial Accounting, Finance
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/financial-accounting this url.Course name is Advanced React. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Meta. The course instructor is Taught by Meta Staff. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Create robust and reusable components with advanced techniques and learn different patterns to reuse common behavior,Create robust and reusable components with advanced techniques and learn different patterns to reuse common behavior,Interact with a remote server and fetch and post data via an API,Interact with a remote server and fetch and post data via an API,Seamlessly test React applications with React Testing Library,Seamlessly test React applications with React Testing Library,Integrate commonly used React libraries to streamline your application development,Integrate commonly used React libraries to streamline your application development,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Web Development, Front-End Web Development, Javascript, React (web framework), Web Design
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/advanced-react this url.Course name is Project Management: Foundations and Initiation. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Colorado Boulder. The course instructor is Christy Bozic, PhD, PMP. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 By successfully completing this course, you will be able to define the role of a project manager and describe different project management methods.,By successfully completing this course, you will be able to define the role of a project manager and describe different project management methods.,You will be able to produce a project charter and a stakeholder analysis.,You will be able to produce a project charter and a stakeholder analysis.,And you will be able to from a successful project team and determine project resources.,And you will be able to from a successful project team and determine project resources.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Project Management, Planning, Strategy and Operations, People Management, Performance Management, Product Management, Business Communication, Business Process Management, Agile Software Development
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/project-management-foundations-initiation this url.Course name is Decisions, Decisions: Dashboards and Reports. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Design BI visualizations,Design BI visualizations,Practice using BI reporting and dashboard tools,Practice using BI reporting and dashboard tools,Create presentations to share key BI insights with stakeholders,Create presentations to share key BI insights with stakeholders,Develop professional materials for your job search,Develop professional materials for your job search,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Intelligence, Data Model, Data Visualization, Tableau Software
. The level of difficulty for this course is Advanced. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/decisions-decisions-dashboards-and-reports this url.Course name is Finance for Technical Managers. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Colorado Boulder. The course instructor is Michael J. Readey, Ph.D.. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Articulate the principles and concepts of finance and financial management, particularly with your financial peers.,Articulate the principles and concepts of finance and financial management, particularly with your financial peers.,Interpret a company’s financial statements, calculate financial health, and use metrics to evaluate the financial viability of a new project.,Interpret a company’s financial statements, calculate financial health, and use metrics to evaluate the financial viability of a new project.,Understand how capital budgeting processes work within a company, how to select projects, and how to plan for the financial future of a firm.,Understand how capital budgeting processes work within a company, how to select projects, and how to plan for the financial future of a firm.,Apply your knowledge to personal finance investments in stock and bond mutual funds.,Apply your knowledge to personal finance investments in stock and bond mutual funds.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Finance, Financial Analysis, Accounting, Investment Management, Cost Accounting, Leadership and Management, Financial Accounting, Financial Management, Strategy and Operations
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/finance-for-technical-managers this url.Course name is GPU Programming. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Johns Hopkins University. The course instructor is Chancellor Thomas Pascale. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Develop CUDA software for running massive computations on commonly available hardware,Develop CUDA software for running massive computations on commonly available hardware,Utilize libraries that bring well-known algorithms to software without need to redevelop existing capabilities,Utilize libraries that bring well-known algorithms to software without need to redevelop existing capabilities,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Python Programming, Machine Learning, Computer Programming, Artificial Neural Networks, C Programming Language Family, C++ Programming, Algorithms, Data Science, Linear Algebra
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 2.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/gpu-programming this url.Course name is Wine Tasting: Sensory Techniques for Wine Analysis. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California, Davis. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/wine this url.Course name is Teach English Now! Lesson Design and Assessment. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Arizona State University. The course instructor is Dr. Shane Dixon. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Manage classroom time with lesson plans,Manage classroom time with lesson plans,Describe the difference between memory and knowledge learning,Describe the difference between memory and knowledge learning,Motivate students with warm-up activities,Motivate students with warm-up activities,Understand the concept of content "stickiness",Understand the concept of content "stickiness",
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/lesson-design this url.Course name is Learn English: Intermediate Grammar. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California, Irvine. The course instructor is Tamy Chapman. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 English Grammar,Perfect Tenses,English Language,Adjective,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Writing, Communication
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/intermediate-grammar this url.Course name is Excel Skills for Business: Intermediate I. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Macquarie University. The course instructor is Nicky Bull. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Concatenation,Microsoft Excel,Consolization,Pivot Table,Pivot Chart,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Analysis, Data Analysis, Microsoft Excel, Spreadsheet Software, Plot (Graphics), Databases
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/excel-intermediate-1 this url.Course name is Essentials in Clinical Simulations Across the Health Professions. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the The George Washington University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 healthcare,Clinical Simulation,Nursing,Debriefing,INACSL Standards,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Training
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/clinicalsimulations this url.Course name is Liabilities and Equity in Accounting. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Intuit. The course instructor is Intuit Academy Team. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describe the three main characteristics of liabilities.,Describe the three main characteristics of liabilities.,Demonstrate an understanding of the basic payroll accounting functions and tasks.,Demonstrate an understanding of the basic payroll accounting functions and tasks.,Compare and contrast the different types of equity.,Compare and contrast the different types of equity.,Use the accounting equation to describe the financial position of an organization.,Use the accounting equation to describe the financial position of an organization.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Accounting, Financial Accounting, General Accounting, Finance, Financial Management, Taxes
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.3. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/liabilities-equity-in-accounting this url.Course name is Astronomy: Exploring Time and Space. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Arizona. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Solar Systems,Chemistry,Theory Of Relativity,Astrobiology,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/astro this url.Course name is Kotlin for Java Developers. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the JetBrains. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, Programming Principles, Algorithms, Data Structures, Problem Solving, Computational Logic, Mathematics, Software Engineering
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/kotlin-for-java-developers this url.Course name is Introduction to Cybersecurity Fundamentals. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Coursera Instructor Network. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Learn to identify cybersecurity foundations and standard models for effective protection strategies. ,Learn to identify cybersecurity foundations and standard models for effective protection strategies. ,Acquire skills to construct best practices for mitigating common cyber attacks upon course completion.  ,Acquire skills to construct best practices for mitigating common cyber attacks upon course completion.  ,Explain attacker techniques, including phishing, social engineering, and ransomware.  ,Explain attacker techniques, including phishing, social engineering, and ransomware.  ,Gain insights into data protection and online privacy methods while connected to public networks. ,Gain insights into data protection and online privacy methods while connected to public networks. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Security Incident Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-to-cybersecurity-fundamentals this url.Course name is Innovation Through Design: Think, Make, Break, Repeat. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the The University of Sydney. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Creativity, Critical Thinking, Design and Product, Innovation, Interactive Design, Problem Solving, Product Design, Research and Design, User Experience, User Experience Design
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/innovation-through-design this url.Course name is Arts and Heritage Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Università Bocconi. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Fundraising,Customer Relationship Management (CRM),Management,Marketing,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Marketing, Strategy, Communication, Customer Relationship Management, Organizational Development, Strategy and Operations, Brand Management, Business Process Management, Culture
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/arts-heritage this url.Course name is Introduction to Environmental Science. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Dartmouth College. The course instructor is Andy Friedland. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/environmental-science this url.Course name is Driving business towards the Sustainable Development Goals. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Erasmus University Rotterdam. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Know what the SDGs are, why they are important and how each individual can be an agent for positive change in the world,Know what the SDGs are, why they are important and how each individual can be an agent for positive change in the world,Develop a positive, critical, aware and courageous attitude towards the SDGs,Develop a positive, critical, aware and courageous attitude towards the SDGs,Be able to identify interconnectedness of the SDGs and the challenges behind solving them,Be able to identify interconnectedness of the SDGs and the challenges behind solving them,Understand the role of business in the transition to sustainable development to create a prosperous future for all,Understand the role of business in the transition to sustainable development to create a prosperous future for all,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Critical Thinking, Innovation, Leadership and Management, Problem Solving, Strategy, Business Transformation, Collaboration, Entrepreneurship, People Development, Professional Development
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/sdgbusiness this url.Course name is AI and Public Health. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the DeepLearning.AI. The course instructor is Robert Monarch. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Air Quality Monitoring,AI for Good project framework,Supervised Learning,Exploratory Data Analysis,Jupyter notebooks,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Artificial Neural Networks, Exploratory Data Analysis, Python Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/ai-and-public-health this url.Course name is Visualizing the Living Body: Diagnostic Imaging. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Yale University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Anatomy,radiography,human anatomy,Medicine,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/diagnosticimaging this url.Course name is Fundamentals of Social Media Advertising. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Meta. The course instructor is Daniel Kob. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to evaluate on which platforms to run social media ad campaigns and what makes an ad effective,How to evaluate on which platforms to run social media ad campaigns and what makes an ad effective,How to craft compelling and effective visuals and copy for social media ads,How to craft compelling and effective visuals and copy for social media ads,Build an ad directly from your Facebook business page and your Instagram business account,Build an ad directly from your Facebook business page and your Instagram business account,Write a creative brief and create a social media ad,Write a creative brief and create a social media ad,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Advertising, Communication, Digital Marketing, Marketing, Sales, Marketing Design, Research and Design, Social Media, Brand Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/social-media-advertising-fundamentals this url.Course name is Write Your First Novel. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Michigan State University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 You will learn how to write and complete a full-length novel of 50,000 words. You will have a finished manuscript in hand at the end of the course.,You will learn how to write and complete a full-length novel of 50,000 words. You will have a finished manuscript in hand at the end of the course.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.3. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/write-your-first-novel this url.Course name is إدارة المشروعات من Google. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 اكتساب فهم كبير للممارسات والمهارات اللازمة للنجاح في دور إدارة المشروعات على مستوى المبتدئين,اكتساب فهم كبير للممارسات والمهارات اللازمة للنجاح في دور إدارة المشروعات على مستوى المبتدئين,التعرف على كيفية إنشاء وثائق مشروع فعالة وأدوات خلال المراحل المختلفة للمشروع,التعرف على كيفية إنشاء وثائق مشروع فعالة وأدوات خلال المراحل المختلفة للمشروع,تعلم أسس إدارة المشروعات الرشيقة، مع التركيز على تنفيذ أحداث سكرم، وبناء أدوات سكرم، وفهم أدوار سكرم,تعلم أسس إدارة المشروعات الرشيقة، مع التركيز على تنفيذ أحداث سكرم، وبناء أدوات سكرم، وفهم أدوار سكرم,ممارسة التواصل الاستراتيجي وحل المشكلات وإدارة الأطراف المعنية من خلال سيناريوهات واقعية,ممارسة التواصل الاستراتيجي وحل المشكلات وإدارة الأطراف المعنية من خلال سيناريوهات واقعية,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Project Management, Programming Principles, Planning, Computer Programming, Product Management, Strategy and Operations, Business Process Management, Python Programming, Scrum (Software Development), Change Management, Deep Learning, Exploratory Data Analysis, Probability Distribution, Vendor Management, Algebra, Basic Descriptive Statistics, Business Analysis, Calculus, Mathematics, People Analysis, Problem Solving, Spreadsheet Software
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/google-project-management-arabic this url.Course name is Advertising with Meta. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Meta. The course instructor is Daniel Kob. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Structure campaigns in Meta Ads Manager,Structure campaigns in Meta Ads Manager,Build an ad that aligns with your marketing objectives and target it to your intended audience,Build an ad that aligns with your marketing objectives and target it to your intended audience,Set a budget, placement, and schedule for your ads in Meta Ads Manager,Set a budget, placement, and schedule for your ads in Meta Ads Manager,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Advertising, Digital Marketing, Marketing, Media Strategy & Planning, Social Media, Marketing Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/advertising-with-facebook this url.Course name is Power Electronics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Colorado Boulder. The course instructor is Dr. Robert Erickson. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand the fundamentals of magnetic components including inductors and transformers,Design and optimize inductors and transformers for switched-mode power converters,Analyze and model losses in magnetic components,View all skills,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/power-electronics this url.Course name is Diseño y Gestión de Proyectos de Desarrollo. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Banco Interamericano de Desarrollo. The course instructor is Ernesto Mondelo. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Identificar las fases, conceptos, procesos y herramientas de un diseño adecuado de proyectos de desarrollo con un enfoque por resultados.,Identificar las fases, conceptos, procesos y herramientas de un diseño adecuado de proyectos de desarrollo con un enfoque por resultados.,Aplicar distintas herramientas de gestión en proyectos de desarrollo para lograr los objetivos propuestos con los recursos disponibles.,Aplicar distintas herramientas de gestión en proyectos de desarrollo para lograr los objetivos propuestos con los recursos disponibles.,Evaluar los riesgos de un proyecto de desarrollo y su nivel de impacto para determinar una respuesta adecuada.,Evaluar los riesgos de un proyecto de desarrollo y su nivel de impacto para determinar una respuesta adecuada.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Project Management, Planning, Organizational Development, Professional Development, Risk Management, Strategy, Decision Making, Finance, Process Analysis, Strategy and Operations, Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/especializacion-en-diseno-y-gestion-de-proyectos-de-desarrollo this url.Course name is Managerial Economics and Business Analysis. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. The course instructor is Fataneh Taghaboni-Dutta, Ph.D., PMP, CSM, CSPO. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Economics,Consumer Behaviour,Supply And Demand,Cost,Externality,Game Theory,Market (Economics),Data Analysis,Microsoft Excel,Statistical Analysis,Normal Distribution,Statistical Inference,Statistical Hypothesis Testing,View all skills,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Market Analysis, Finance, Business Analysis, Financial Analysis, Data Analysis, Behavioral Economics, Decision Making, Econometrics, Probability & Statistics, Accounting, Banking, General Statistics, Statistical Analysis, Leadership and Management, Basic Descriptive Statistics, Exploratory Data Analysis, Financial Accounting, Financial Management, Strategy and Operations, Investment Management, Market Research, Probability Distribution, Regulations and Compliance, Marketing, Risk Management, Securities Trading, Statistical Tests, Mathematics, Securities Sales, Strategy, Taxes, Game Theory, Regression, Microsoft Excel
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/managerial-economics-business-analysis this url.Course name is Information Systems Auditing, Controls and Assurance. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Information Technology (IT) Management,Risk Management,Change Management,Information Security (INFOSEC),Audit,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Security Engineering, Strategy and Operations, Change Management, Audit, Leadership and Management, Risk Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/information-systems-audit this url.Course name is People Analytics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Cade Massey. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Talent Management,Analytics,Performance Management,Collaboration,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, Human Resources, Human Resources Operations, Leadership and Management, Organizational Development, People Analysis, People Management, Performance Management, Talent Management, Strategy and Operations, Collaboration
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/wharton-people-analytics this url.Course name is Microsoft Power Platform Fundamentals. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Microsoft. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to create simple apps, visualize data, automate a business process and build a chatbot,How to create simple apps, visualize data, automate a business process and build a chatbot,How to describe the business value of Power Platform,How to describe the business value of Power Platform,How to identify the core components of Power Platform and how to demonstrate the capabilities of Power BI,How to identify the core components of Power Platform and how to demonstrate the capabilities of Power BI,How to describe the capabilities of Power Apps, and how to demonstrate the business value of Power Virtual Agents,How to describe the capabilities of Power Apps, and how to demonstrate the business value of Power Virtual Agents,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Analysis, Business Intelligence, Cloud Applications, Interactive Data Visualization, Application Development, Business Development, Data Model, Design and Product, Power BI, Software As A Service, User Experience Design, Data Analysis, Data Visualization
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.3. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/microsoft-power-platform-fundamentals this url.Course name is Programming in C++: A Hands-on Introduction. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Codio. The course instructor is Elise Deitrick. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Automate everyday, repetitive tasks using C++ programs,Automate everyday, repetitive tasks using C++ programs,Create engaging, graphical based programs,Create engaging, graphical based programs,Develop a firm foundation of Computer Science concepts you can bring to any language you learn,Develop a firm foundation of Computer Science concepts you can bring to any language you learn,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, Computer Science, Problem Solving
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/hands-on-cpp this url.Course name is Principles of UX/UI Design. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Meta. The course instructor is Taught by Meta Staff. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describe the fundamentals of User Experience (UX) design and research,Describe the fundamentals of User Experience (UX) design and research,Describe accessibility considerations in design ,Describe accessibility considerations in design ,Practice developing user empathy through research,Practice developing user empathy through research,Create wireframes and prototypes in Figma,Create wireframes and prototypes in Figma,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  User Experience, Front-End Web Development, Human Computer Interaction, Interactive Design, Product Design, Web Design
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/principles-of-ux-ui-design this url.Course name is Miracles of Human Language: An Introduction to Linguistics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Universiteit Leiden. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Essay Writing,History,English Language,Chinese Language,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/human-language this url.Course name is Computational Social Science. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California, Davis. The course instructor is Martin Hilbert. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Discover how social networks and human dynamics create social systems and recognizable patterns,Discover how social networks and human dynamics create social systems and recognizable patterns,Define and discuss big data opportunities and limitations,Define and discuss big data opportunities and limitations,Web scrape online data, create a social network visualization with it, and use machine learning to analyze its content  ,Web scrape online data, create a social network visualization with it, and use machine learning to analyze its content  ,Use computer simulations to program your own artificial societies to explore business strategies and policy options,Use computer simulations to program your own artificial societies to explore business strategies and policy options,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Big Data, Computational Thinking, Data Analysis, Machine Learning, Human Learning, Network Analysis, Machine Learning Algorithms, Social Media, Critical Thinking, Data Management, Natural Language Processing, Algorithms, Exploratory Data Analysis, Network Architecture, Network Model, Probability & Statistics, Theoretical Computer Science, Applied Machine Learning, Computer Networking, Computer Programming, Data Model, Statistical Machine Learning, General Statistics, Graph Theory
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/computational-social-science-ucdavis this url.Course name is An Introduction to Learning Experience Design (LXD). This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Michigan. The course instructor is Rebecca Quintana, PhD. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Explore the profession of learning experience design by attending the "big ideas" of LXD, inclusive design, and the role of technology ,Explore the profession of learning experience design by attending the "big ideas" of LXD, inclusive design, and the role of technology ,,,,,Focus on how theories of learning and motivation, design frameworks, and learning taxonomies inform learning outcomes and course outlines,Focus on how theories of learning and motivation, design frameworks, and learning taxonomies inform learning outcomes and course outlines,,,Learn about multimedia design strategies, assessment design, and evaluation approaches to ensure alignment with learning goals,Learn about multimedia design strategies, assessment design, and evaluation approaches to ensure alignment with learning goals,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Professional Development
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/introduction-to-learning-experience-design this url.Course name is Biology Meets Programming: Bioinformatics for Beginners. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California San Diego. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Bioinformatics,Bioinformatics Algorithms,Biology,Python Programming,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Bioinformatics, Computational Thinking, Problem Solving, Biostatistics, Computational Logic, Critical Thinking
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.2. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/bioinformatics this url.Course name is Foundations of Business Strategy. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Virginia. The course instructor is Michael Lenox. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to use the SWOT, competitor, and environmental analysis tools ,How to use the SWOT, competitor, and environmental analysis tools ,How to assess an industry's structure and how the competitive dynamics in an industry affect profitability,How to assess an industry's structure and how the competitive dynamics in an industry affect profitability,How to complete a capabilities analysis and how to use this analysis to guide decision making,How to complete a capabilities analysis and how to use this analysis to guide decision making,How to analyze the advantages and disadvantages of four generic competitive positions,How to analyze the advantages and disadvantages of four generic competitive positions,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Entrepreneurship, Leadership and Management, Marketing, Sales, Strategy, Strategy and Operations, Market Analysis
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/uva-darden-foundations-business-strategy this url.Course name is Teach English Now! Second Language Reading, Writing, and Grammar. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Arizona State University. The course instructor is Jessica Cinco. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Writing, Planning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/tesol-writing this url.Course name is Cloud Computing Law. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Queen Mary University of London. The course instructor is Dimitra Kamarinou. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Analyse how cloud contracts and intellectual property rights shape cloud computing transactions.,Analyse how cloud contracts and intellectual property rights shape cloud computing transactions.,Explain how EU rules that govern personal data and cybersecurity apply to the provision and use of cloud services.,Explain how EU rules that govern personal data and cybersecurity apply to the provision and use of cloud services.,Identify the implications for cloud customers and providers of law enforcement access requests, competition law, and potential tax liabilities.,Identify the implications for cloud customers and providers of law enforcement access requests, competition law, and potential tax liabilities.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning Algorithms, Cloud Computing, Taxes
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/cloud-computing-law this url.Course name is Python and Statistics for Financial Analysis. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Financial Data Analysis,Financial Analysis,Python Programming,Statistical Analysis,Data Visualization,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Basic Descriptive Statistics, Computer Programming, Data Analysis, Finance, Financial Analysis, Probability & Statistics, Python Programming, Statistical Analysis, Data Analysis Software, General Statistics, Data Visualization
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.4. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/python-statistics-financial-analysis this url.Course name is Improving Communication Skills. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Maurice Schweitzer. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 goal setting,Communication,Negotiation,Deception,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, Negotiation
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/wharton-communication-skills this url.Course name is Understanding child development: from synapse to society. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Utrecht University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Critical Thinking
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/child-development this url.Course name is Introduction to Large Language Models. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google Cloud. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Define Large Language Models (LLMs),Define Large Language Models (LLMs),Describe LLM Use Cases ,Describe LLM Use Cases ,Explain Prompt Tuning ,Explain Prompt Tuning ,Describe Google’s Gen AI Development tools,Describe Google’s Gen AI Development tools,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.4. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-to-large-language-models this url.Course name is Introduction to Financial Analysis - The "Why?". This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. The course instructor is Gies College of Business, University of Illinois. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Risk,Accounting,Financial Analysis,Financial Statement,Finance,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Accounting, Finance, Financial Accounting, General Accounting, Leadership and Management, Accounts Payable and Receivable, Financial Analysis, Cost Accounting, Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), Risk Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-to-financial-analysis-the-why this url.Course name is English for Common Interactions in the Workplace: Basic Level. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
  Describe professions and daily activities related to the workplace., Describe professions and daily activities related to the workplace.,Make and answer basic phone calls related to the workplace. ,Make and answer basic phone calls related to the workplace. ,Make arrangements for meetings at the workplace. ,Make arrangements for meetings at the workplace. ,Talk about job activities in the past. ,Talk about job activities in the past. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/english-common-interactions-workplace-basic-level this url.Course name is Finance for Non-Financial Managers. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Emory University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Project,Financial Statement,Finance,Balance Sheet,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Accounting, Finance, Financial Analysis, Financial Accounting, General Accounting, Financial Management, Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), Leadership and Management, Business Analysis, Cost Accounting
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.4. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/finance-for-non-financial-managers this url.Course name is Développement psychologique de l'enfant. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Geneva. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/enfant-developpement this url.Course name is What is Compliance?. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Andrew Kandel. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Define compliance within an industry setting,Define compliance within an industry setting,Describe the ways in which compliance affects any industry, company, or organization,Describe the ways in which compliance affects any industry, company, or organization,Identify the reasons industries, companies, and organizations should engage in compliance,Identify the reasons industries, companies, and organizations should engage in compliance,Examine the importance of compliance in supporting the financial, reputational, and functional aspects of an industry, company, or organization,Examine the importance of compliance in supporting the financial, reputational, and functional aspects of an industry, company, or organization,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Critical Thinking, Leadership and Management, Organizational Development, Regulations and Compliance, Risk Management, Strategy and Operations, Decision Making, Finance, Problem Solving, Strategy, Brand Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/what-is-compliance this url.Course name is Dog Emotion and Cognition. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Duke University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Cognitive Science,Evolution,Animal Behavior,Dog,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/dog-emotion-and-cognition this url.Course name is Data Literacy: Exploring and Visualizing Data. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the SAS. The course instructor is Emily Pressman. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Visual Analytics,Data Discovery,Data Analysis,Data storytelling,Data Visualization,Data Literacy,Data Cleansing,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, Data Management, Data Visualization, Data Visualization Software, Interactive Data Visualization, SAS (Software), Statistical Visualization, Business Analysis, Data Analysis Software, Exploratory Data Analysis, Statistical Analysis, Statistical Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/sas-data-literacy this url.Course name is Fundamentos de la Industria de Hidrocarburos. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Tecnológico de Monterrey. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Conocer las contribuciones económicas, tecnológicas y sociales de la industria de hidrocarburos. ,Conocer las contribuciones económicas, tecnológicas y sociales de la industria de hidrocarburos. ,Reconocer el valor que la industria de hidrocarburos tiene para la economía nacional en su conjunto. ,Reconocer el valor que la industria de hidrocarburos tiene para la economía nacional en su conjunto. ,Reconocer las distintas actividades que conforman a la industria de hidrocarburos. ,Reconocer las distintas actividades que conforman a la industria de hidrocarburos. ,Identificar el proceso que siguen los hidrocarburos para su exportación y comercialización.,Identificar el proceso que siguen los hidrocarburos para su exportación y comercialización.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 5.0. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/fundamentos-de-la-industria-de-hidrocarburos this url.Course name is Home-Based Child Care. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the The State University of New York. The course instructor is Jenniffer Bleakley. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Child Care,Business Accumen,Creativity,Planning & Instructing,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, Creativity
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/home-based-child-care this url.Course name is Business and Marketing Strategies. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of London. The course instructor is Dominic Appiah. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Strategy, Strategy and Operations, Market Analysis, Marketing, Marketing Management, Market Research, Operations Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.4. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/uol-business-and-marketing-strategies this url.Course name is Science of Diet and Exercise. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the National Academy of Sports Medicine. The course instructor is NASM Faculty. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Apply the science behind complementing dietary interventions with exercise strategies for optimal fitness programming. ,Apply the science behind complementing dietary interventions with exercise strategies for optimal fitness programming. ,Learn how our bodies use the foods we consume for different metabolic functions required for health.,Learn how our bodies use the foods we consume for different metabolic functions required for health.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/nasm-science-of-diet-and-exercise this url.Course name is Regression Analysis: Simplify Complex Data Relationships. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Investigate relationships in datasets,Investigate relationships in datasets,Identify regression model assumptions ,Identify regression model assumptions ,Perform linear and logistic regression using Python,Perform linear and logistic regression using Python,Practice model evaluation and interpretation,Practice model evaluation and interpretation,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Python Programming, Regression, Statistical Analysis
. The level of difficulty for this course is Advanced. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/regression-analysis-simplify-complex-data-relationships this url.Course name is Sustainable Fashion. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Copenhagen Business School. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 You will broaden your knowledge on sustainable fashion, sustainable business models, circular economy and related concepts. ,You will broaden your knowledge on sustainable fashion, sustainable business models, circular economy and related concepts. ,,,You will understand the challenges and opportunities brands face when they try to create or transition into sustainable business models. ,You will understand the challenges and opportunities brands face when they try to create or transition into sustainable business models. ,,,You will learn the basic vocabulary and tools to discuss sustainable business models’ ideas and concepts,You will learn the basic vocabulary and tools to discuss sustainable business models’ ideas and concepts, in the context of fashion., in the context of fashion.,,,You will be inspired by case examples from the fashion industry, and learn the details of their innovative and sustainable business models.,You will be inspired by case examples from the fashion industry, and learn the details of their innovative and sustainable business models.,,,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/sustainable-fashion this url.Course name is Positive Psychology. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Gratitude,Kindness,Meditation,Positive Psychology,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/positive-psychology this url.Course name is Survey Data Collection and Analytics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Maryland, College Park. The course instructor is Mariel Leonard. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand the basics of survey design, sampling methods, data collection and data analysis,Understand the basics of survey design, sampling methods, data collection and data analysis,Apply the skills learned to analyze and compare multiple data sources in a capstone project,Apply the skills learned to analyze and compare multiple data sources in a capstone project,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  General Statistics, Probability & Statistics, Survey Creation, Research and Design, Data Analysis, Big Data, People Analysis, Statistical Analysis, Data Management, Market Research, Process Analysis, Social Media, Critical Thinking, Decision Making, Estimation, Market Analysis, Data Visualization, Extract, Transform, Load, Communication, Human Learning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.4. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/data-collection this url.Course name is Troubles du spectre de l'autisme : diagnostic. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Geneva. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/troubles-spectre-autisme-diagnostic this url.Course name is Strategy and Sustainability. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IESE Business School. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Strategy, Strategy and Operations, Critical Thinking, Risk Management, Business Analysis, Business Transformation, Decision Making, Regulations and Compliance, Collaboration, Planning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/strategy-sustainability this url.Course name is Strategic Sales Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Fundação Instituto de Administração. The course instructor is Edson Ito. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Sales Strategy,Sales Management,Project,Customer Satisfaction,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Sales, Marketing, Strategy, Leadership and Management, Strategy and Operations, Customer Relationship Management, B2B Sales, Decision Making, Customer Analysis, Entrepreneurship, Market Analysis, Business Analysis, Business Intelligence
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/sales-management-bridging-gap-strategy-sales this url.Course name is Children's Human Rights - An Interdisciplinary Introduction. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Geneva. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Justice,Child Psychology,International Law,Humanitarian,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/childrens-rights this url.Course name is Strategic Communication Campaigns. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Colorado Boulder. The course instructor is Erin Willis. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Design an integrated communication campaign based on relevant research that meets the communication objectives and includes reporting and evaluation.,Design an integrated communication campaign based on relevant research that meets the communication objectives and includes reporting and evaluation.,Reflect on brand architecture and how the purpose of the campaign affects communication strategies.,Reflect on brand architecture and how the purpose of the campaign affects communication strategies.,Understand how to implement campaign tactics according to strategy.,Understand how to implement campaign tactics according to strategy.,Visualize and practice campaign planning in its entirety.,Visualize and practice campaign planning in its entirety.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Communication, Communication, Market Research, Marketing, Public Relations, Research and Design
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 5.0. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/strategic-communication-campaigns this url.Course name is Generative AI Primer. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Vanderbilt University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How Generative AI is going to transform computing and work,How Generative AI is going to transform computing and work,How to use Generative AI to amplify and augment your creativity and critical thinking to provide an "exoskeleton for the mind",How to use Generative AI to amplify and augment your creativity and critical thinking to provide an "exoskeleton for the mind",
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Benefits
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/generative-ai this url.Course name is Teach English Now! Capstone Project 2. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Arizona State University. The course instructor is Jessica Cinco. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/teaching-english-capstone-2 this url.Course name is Blockchain Revolution in Financial Services. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the INSEAD. The course instructor is Don Tapscott. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Seven design principles for the ‘Blockchain Revolution’,Seven design principles for the ‘Blockchain Revolution’,Terms such as miner, hash, nonce, consensus mechanism, public key cryptography, cryptoasset, smart contract, DApp, and self-sovereign identity,Terms such as miner, hash, nonce, consensus mechanism, public key cryptography, cryptoasset, smart contract, DApp, and self-sovereign identity,Top 10 challenges for implementing blockchain technology,Top 10 challenges for implementing blockchain technology,Blockchain applications and use-cases within the financial services industry,Blockchain applications and use-cases within the financial services industry,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  BlockChain, Finance, Cryptography, FinTech, Business Transformation, Innovation, Distributed Computing Architecture, Payments, Leadership and Management, System Security, Network Security, Accounting, Banking, Business Process Management, Entrepreneurial Finance, Financial Accounting, Financial Management, Problem Solving, Security Strategy, Planning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/blockchain-financial-services this url.Course name is Data Science with Databricks for Data Analysts. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Databricks. The course instructor is Kate Sullivan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Discover how Databricks and Apache Spark simplify big data processing and optimize data analysis. ,Discover how Databricks and Apache Spark simplify big data processing and optimize data analysis. ,Frame business problems for data science and machine learning to make the most out of big data analytic workflows.,Frame business problems for data science and machine learning to make the most out of big data analytic workflows.,Solve real-world business problems quickly using Databricks to power the most popular data science techniques. ,Solve real-world business problems quickly using Databricks to power the most popular data science techniques. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, Machine Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Algorithms, Exploratory Data Analysis, Human Learning, Python Programming, Apache, Applied Machine Learning, Data Management, SQL, Regression, Big Data, Feature Engineering, Statistical Programming, Data Science
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/data-science-with-databricks-for-data-analysts this url.Course name is Narrative Economics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Yale University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How and why certain stories go viral.,How and why certain stories go viral.,How viral narratives shape public beliefs and influence our decision making. ,How viral narratives shape public beliefs and influence our decision making. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Critical Thinking, Storytelling
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/narrative-economics this url.Course name is Competitive Strategy and Organization Design. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München (LMU). The course instructor is Tobias Kretschmer. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Organization Design,Strategic Management,Game Theory,Strategic Thinking,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Strategy, Strategy and Operations, Leadership and Management, Marketing, Business Development, Business Design, Entrepreneurship, Human Resources, Organizational Development, Sales, Market Analysis, Product Strategy, Decision Making, Finance, Game Theory, Human Resources Operations, Innovation, Research and Design, Design and Product, Mergers & Acquisitions, Planning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/competitive-strategy this url.Course name is Salesforce Fundamentals. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California, Irvine. The course instructor is Stephane Muller. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Manage user permissions, data security, and object creation.,Manage user permissions, data security, and object creation.,Manage and model data to create reports and data visualization .,Manage and model data to create reports and data visualization ., Automate business processes and integrate Salesforce into an organization., Automate business processes and integrate Salesforce into an organization.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cloud Computing, Data Management, Leadership and Management, Salesforce
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.3. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/salesforce-fundamentals this url.Course name is Building AI Applications with Watson APIs. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Antonio Cangiano. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describe the technologies involved in the creation of AI applications.,Describe the technologies involved in the creation of AI applications.,Utilize Watson APIs to create useful chatbots.,Utilize Watson APIs to create useful chatbots.,Deploy chatbots to various channels such as Facebook and Slack.,Deploy chatbots to various channels such as Facebook and Slack.,Leverages Watson speech APIs to give your chatbot a voice.,Leverages Watson speech APIs to give your chatbot a voice.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cloud API, Cloud Applications, Cloud Computing, Computer Programming, Computer Programming Tools, IBM Cloud, Machine Learning, Python Programming, Natural Language Processing, Software As A Service
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.3. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/building-ai-applications this url.Course name is FinTech: Foundations, Payments, and Regulations. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Christopher Geczy. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  FinTech, Finance, Behavioral Economics, BlockChain, Financial Analysis, Financial Management, Market Research, Payments, Risk Management, Data Analysis
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/wharton-fintech-overview-payments-regulations this url.Course name is Introduction to Microsoft Azure Cloud Services. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Microsoft. The course instructor is  Microsoft. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describe the benefits of cloud computing in Microsoft Azure,Describe the benefits of cloud computing in Microsoft Azure,Explain core cloud concepts ,Explain core cloud concepts ,Describe core Microsoft Azure services ,Describe core Microsoft Azure services ,Describe core Microsoft Azure architect components,Describe core Microsoft Azure architect components,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cloud Applications, Cloud Computing, Cloud Infrastructure, Microsoft Azure, Cloud Management, Cloud Platforms, Cloud Standards, Cloud-Based Integration, Software As A Service, Cloud Engineering, Cloud Storage, Databases
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/microsoft-azure-cloud-services this url.Course name is Introduction to Back-End Development. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Meta. The course instructor is Taught by Meta Staff. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Distinguish between front-end, back-end, and full-stack developers.,Distinguish between front-end, back-end, and full-stack developers.,Create and style a webpage with HTML and CSS.,Create and style a webpage with HTML and CSS.,The benefits of working with UI frameworks.,The benefits of working with UI frameworks.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  HTML and CSS, React (web framework), Web Development, Front-End Web Development, Web Design, Web Development Tools
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-to-back-end-development this url.Course name is Machine Learning and Reinforcement Learning in Finance. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the New York University. The course instructor is Igor Halperin. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Compare ML for Finance with ML in Technology (image and speech recognition, robotics, etc.)  ,Compare ML for Finance with ML in Technology (image and speech recognition, robotics, etc.)  ,Describe linear regression and classification models and methods of their evaluation  ,Describe linear regression and classification models and methods of their evaluation  ,Explain how Reinforcement Learning is used for stock trading  ,Explain how Reinforcement Learning is used for stock trading  ,Become familiar with popular approaches to modeling market frictions and feedback effects for option trading.  ,Become familiar with popular approaches to modeling market frictions and feedback effects for option trading.  ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Human Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Algorithms, Finance, Mathematics, Regression, Statistical Machine Learning, Artificial Neural Networks, Data Analysis, Probability & Statistics, Reinforcement Learning, Tensorflow
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 3.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/machine-learning-reinforcement-finance this url.Course name is Medical Terminology and the Human Body Fundamentals. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the MedCerts. The course instructor is Jennifer Zabel. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Analyze and understand medical terminology,Analyze and understand medical terminology,Recognize the structure and function of human body systems,Recognize the structure and function of human body systems,Gain an understanding of the directional terms in relationship to the human body,Gain an understanding of the directional terms in relationship to the human body,Discuss pathology, the disease process, and endoscopy,Discuss pathology, the disease process, and endoscopy,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/medical-terminology-human-body-fundamentals this url.Course name is Industrial Biotechnology. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Manchester   . The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/industrial-biotech this url.Course name is Medical Terminology I. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Rice University. The course instructor is Laura S. Kabiri. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/medical-terminology-1 this url.Course name is Finanzas personales. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Personal Advertisement,Personal Finance,Budget,Credit,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Behavioral Economics, Benefits, Finance, Negotiation, Planning, Account Management, Accounting, Emotional Intelligence, Strategy, Strategy and Operations
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/finanzas-personales this url.Course name is Introduction to Technical Support. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Rav Ahuja. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Define technical support, tech support, IT support, customer support mindset, the various levels of IT support, and the escalation matrix ,Define technical support, tech support, IT support, customer support mindset, the various levels of IT support, and the escalation matrix ,Discover soft and technical skills required and opportunities available for a career in Technical Support,Discover soft and technical skills required and opportunities available for a career in Technical Support,Explore the features and benefits of ticketing systems,Explore the features and benefits of ticketing systems,Identify the various methodologies and frameworks popular in technical support,Identify the various methodologies and frameworks popular in technical support,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Customer Success, Strategy and Operations, Communication, Customer Support, Information Technology
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-to-technical-support this url.Course name is Business Model Innovation. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the HEC Paris. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Define what a business model is and why it enables you to approach innovation and strategy from a completely different angle,Define what a business model is and why it enables you to approach innovation and strategy from a completely different angle,Understand the 3 components of the business model and how they are linked ,Understand the 3 components of the business model and how they are linked ,Stimulate your creativity by capitalizing on the 14 directions toolbox,Stimulate your creativity by capitalizing on the 14 directions toolbox,Analyze existing business models, create new ones or adapt existing ones using the Odyssey 3.14 approach,Analyze existing business models, create new ones or adapt existing ones using the Odyssey 3.14 approach,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Design, Entrepreneurship, Strategy, Strategy and Operations, Innovation, Leadership and Management, Marketing, Business Analysis, Research and Design, Sales
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/business-model this url.Course name is Conflict Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California, Irvine. The course instructor is Najla DeBow. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Active Listening,Communication,Management,Cross-Cultural Communication,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Collaboration, Communication, Conflict Management, Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.4. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/conflict-management this url.Course name is The Arts and Science of Relationships: Understanding Human Needs. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Toronto. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Psychology,Assertiveness,Communication,Building Relationships,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Emotional Intelligence, Communication
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/human-needs this url.Course name is Innovation Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Erasmus University Rotterdam. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Social Network,Management,Innovation,Innovation Management,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Creativity, Innovation, Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/innovation-management this url.Course name is Financial Statement Analysis. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Intuit. The course instructor is Intuit Academy Team. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describe and illustrate the use of a bank reconciliation in controlling cash.,Describe and illustrate the use of a bank reconciliation in controlling cash.,Outline the purpose of financial statements in relationship to decision making.,Outline the purpose of financial statements in relationship to decision making.,Describe basic financial statement analytical methods.,Describe basic financial statement analytical methods.,Apply quantitative skills to analyze business health.,Apply quantitative skills to analyze business health.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Accounting, Business Analysis, Data Analysis, Financial Accounting, Financial Analysis, Cash Management, General Accounting, Finance
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/financial-statement-analysis this url.Course name is Making Architecture. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IE Business School. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Creativity
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/making-architecture this url.Course name is Drug Discovery. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California San Diego. The course instructor is Williams S. Ettouati, Pharm.D.. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Pharmacology,Drug Development,Clinical Development,Pharmacokinetics,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/drug-discovery this url.Course name is Write A Feature Length Screenplay For Film Or Television. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Michigan State University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 You will learn how to write and complete a full-length, feature film screenplay. You will have a finished script in hand at the end of the course.,You will learn how to write and complete a full-length, feature film screenplay. You will have a finished script in hand at the end of the course.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Writing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/write-a-feature-length-screenplay-for-film-or-television this url.Course name is Troubles du spectre de l'autisme : interventions. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Geneva. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/troubles-spectre-autisme-interventions this url.Course name is R Programming. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Johns Hopkins University. The course instructor is Roger D. Peng, PhD. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand critical programming language concepts,Understand critical programming language concepts,Configure statistical programming software,Configure statistical programming software,Make use of R loop functions and debugging tools,Make use of R loop functions and debugging tools,Collect detailed information using R profiler,Collect detailed information using R profiler,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computational Thinking, Computer Programming, Computer Programming Tools, Critical Thinking, Data Analysis, Data Structures, Problem Solving, Programming Principles, R Programming, Statistical Programming, General Statistics
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/r-programming this url.Course name is Solar Energy Basics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the The State University of New York. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Calculate the energy usage at a location,Calculate the energy usage at a location,Design a basic photovoltaic system to meet a specific energy need at a specific location,Design a basic photovoltaic system to meet a specific energy need at a specific location,Describe financial models and trends in the photovoltaic energy field,Describe financial models and trends in the photovoltaic energy field,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/solar-energy-basics this url.Course name is Introduction to Medical Software. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Yale University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How medical devices and software are regulated around the world. How medical software is designed, developed, and implemented in the real world.,How medical devices and software are regulated around the world. How medical software is designed, developed, and implemented in the real world.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Software Engineering, Software Testing, Entrepreneurship, User Research
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-to-medical-software this url.Course name is Computational Neuroscience. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Washington. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Computational Neuroscience,Artificial Neural Network,Reinforcement Learning,Biological Neuron Model,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Mathematics, Computer Programming, Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Probability & Statistics, Python Programming, Computational Logic, Data Analysis, Artificial Neural Networks, Linear Algebra, Machine Learning, Human Learning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/computational-neuroscience this url.Course name is Healthcare Organization Operations. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Rutgers the State University of New Jersey. The course instructor is Margaret Kilduff, Ph.D.. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Public Health and Wellness Healthcare Organization Operations,Pharmacy Healthcare Organization Operations,Healthcare Administration,Medical Healthcare Organization Operations,Dental Healthcare Organization Operations,View all skills,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Organizational Development, Strategy and Operations, Communication, Business Process Management, Operations Management, Professional Development, Business Development, Business Communication, Strategy, Business Analysis, Leadership Development, Process Analysis, Critical Thinking, Human Learning, Operations Research, Operating Systems, People Analysis, Data Analysis, Data Management, Probability & Statistics, Spreadsheet Software, Innovation
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/healthcare-organization-operations this url.Course name is Teach English Now! Technology Enriched Teaching. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Arizona State University. The course instructor is Jessica Cinco. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Teaching,English Language,Lesson Plan,Plan,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Planning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/tesol-technology this url.Course name is Organizational Leadership in Diversity, Equity & Inclusion. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Rice University. The course instructor is Richard Anthony Baker, J.D., M.P.A, Ph.D.. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 DEI Strategy,Leadership And Management,DEI Program Assessment,Workplace Inclusion,DEI Strategic Planning,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, Business Psychology, Employee Relations, Human Resources, Human Resources Operations, Leadership and Management, Culture, Entrepreneurship, Organizational Development, Business Analysis, Collaboration, People Development, Talent Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/organizational-leadership-in-diversity-equity-and-inclusion this url.Course name is Renewable Energy and Green Building Entrepreneurship. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Duke University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Business Modeling,Renewable Energy,Startup Company,Entrepreneurship,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Development, Critical Thinking, Entrepreneurial Finance, Entrepreneurship, Finance, Innovation, Leadership and Management, Brand Management, Business Design, Planning, Professional Development
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/renewable-energy-entrepreneurship this url.Course name is Cybersecurity Roles, Processes & Operating System Security. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is IBM Skills Network Team. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Cloud Computing, Linux, Operating Systems, System Security
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/cybersecurity-roles-processes-operating-system-security this url.Course name is Climate Change: Carbon Capture and Storage. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the The University of Edinburgh. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to protect the atmosphere with the technology of Carbon Capture and Storage, often called CCS, from an excess of carbon dioxide,How to protect the atmosphere with the technology of Carbon Capture and Storage, often called CCS, from an excess of carbon dioxide,The fundamental drivers to make fossil fuels ‘safe to use’ in the context of the Paris Climate Change agreement of 2015,The fundamental drivers to make fossil fuels ‘safe to use’ in the context of the Paris Climate Change agreement of 2015,Key sectors of the global economy where CCS can contribute to deep reductions in emissions,Key sectors of the global economy where CCS can contribute to deep reductions in emissions,The uniqueness of CCS to complement other low-carbon technologies,The uniqueness of CCS to complement other low-carbon technologies,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/climate-change-carbon-capture-and-storage this url.Course name is Foundations of Global Health. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Johns Hopkins University. The course instructor is Mija Ververs. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Nutrition,International Law,Humanitarian,Public Health,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Training, Human Learning, Planning, Culture
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/global-health this url.Course name is IT-підтримка від Google. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Onlea support. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Ви отримаєте навички, необхідні для успішної роботи у сфері ІТ на початковому рівні,Ви отримаєте навички, необхідні для успішної роботи у сфері ІТ на початковому рівні,Ви навчитеся виконувати завдання: збирати комп’ютери, створювати бездротові мережі, встановлювати програми й обслуговувати клієнтів,Ви навчитеся виконувати завдання: збирати комп’ютери, створювати бездротові мережі, встановлювати програми й обслуговувати клієнтів,Ви дізнаєтесь, як забезпечити комплексну підтримку клієнтів, починаючи з виявлення проблем і закінчуючи усуненням несправностей,Ви дізнаєтесь, як забезпечити комплексну підтримку клієнтів, починаючи з виявлення проблем і закінчуючи усуненням несправностей,Ви навчитеся використовувати операційні системи, зокрема Linux, системи доменних імен, інтерфейс командного рядка та двійковий код,Ви навчитеся використовувати операційні системи, зокрема Linux, системи доменних імен, інтерфейс командного рядка та двійковий код,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Networking, Network Architecture, Network Model, Network Security, Networking Hardware, Network Analysis, Software-Defined Networking, Cloud Platforms, Database Application, NoSQL, Security Engineering, System Software, Database Administration, Leadership and Management, Linux, Cloud Standards, Critical Thinking, Computer Security Incident Management, Cloud-Based Integration, Communication, Customer Support, Human Computer Interaction, Computational Thinking, Problem Solving, SQL
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/google-it-support-ua this url.Course name is Teach English Now! Second Language Listening, Speaking, and Pronunciation. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Arizona State University. The course instructor is Jessica Cinco. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Teaching,English Language,Lesson Plan,Speech,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Planning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/tesol-speaking this url.Course name is American Contract Law I. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Yale University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/contracts-1 this url.Course name is Microsoft Azure Data Fundamentals DP-900 Exam Prep. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Microsoft. The course instructor is  Microsoft. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 The fundamentals of database concepts in a cloud environment, basic skilling in cloud data services, and cloud data services within Microsoft Azure.,The fundamentals of database concepts in a cloud environment, basic skilling in cloud data services, and cloud data services within Microsoft Azure.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Management, Databases, Microsoft Azure, Cloud Computing, SQL, Big Data, Data Analysis, Database Application, Data Warehousing, Cloud Storage, Data Structures, Data Visualization, Extract, Transform, Load, Leadership and Management, NoSQL, Data Analysis Software, Data Visualization Software, Database Administration, Cloud Infrastructure, Cloud Management, Database Theory, PostgreSQL
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/microsoft-azure-dp-900-data-fundamentals this url.Course name is Visual Elements of User Interface Design. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the California Institute of the Arts. The course instructor is Michael Worthington. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 User Interface Design (UI Design),User Experience (UX),Graphic Design,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Critical Thinking, Design and Product, Human Computer Interaction, User Experience, User Experience Design, Visual Design, Web Design
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/visual-elements-user-interface-design this url.Course name is Emotional Intelligence: Cultivating Immensely Human Interactions. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Michigan. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Explore the possibility of being simultaneously more emotionally attuned and professional at work.,Explore the possibility of being simultaneously more emotionally attuned and professional at work.,Model how to deal with difficult or critical conversations and how to hold more productive conversations.,Model how to deal with difficult or critical conversations and how to hold more productive conversations.,Recognize and understand how information is conveyed in a non-verbal manner.,Recognize and understand how information is conveyed in a non-verbal manner.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, Emotional Intelligence, Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/emotional-intelligence-cultivating-immensely-human-interactions this url.Course name is Advanced Financial Reporting: Accounting for Business Combinations and Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Accounting, Financial Accounting, Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), Finance, Mergers & Acquisitions
. The level of difficulty for this course is Advanced. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/advanced-financial-reporting this url.Course name is Speak English Professionally: In Person, Online & On the Phone. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Georgia Institute of Technology. The course instructor is Amalia B. Stephens. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Stress,Communication,Presentation,Public Speaking,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/speak-english-professionally this url.Course name is Claves de la Dirección de Empresas. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IESE Business School. The course instructor is Miguel Antón. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Business Intelligence,Marketing,Marketing Strategy,Financial Accounting,Accounting,Evaluation,Business Analytics,Persona (User Experience),Leadership,Human Resources (HR),Organizational Culture,View all skills,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Analysis, Leadership and Management, Strategy, Accounting, Communication, Finance, Data Analysis, Operational Analysis, Strategy and Operations, Calculus, Process Analysis, Business Psychology, Financial Accounting, Financial Analysis, Accounts Payable and Receivable, Business Intelligence, Culture, Human Resources, Market Analysis, Marketing, Media Strategy & Planning, Benefits, Collaboration, Influencing, Marketing Psychology, Persona Research, General Accounting, Social Media, Problem Solving
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/direccion-empresas this url.Course name is Learning to Teach Online. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the UNSW Sydney (The University of New South Wales). The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Teaching,Online Learning,Evaluation,Planning,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Planning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/teach-online this url.Course name is Everyday Parenting: The ABCs of Child Rearing. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Yale University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/everyday-parenting this url.Course name is Project Management: Tools, Approaches, Behavioural Skills. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Politecnico di Milano. The course instructor is Tommaso Buganza. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 how to correctly plan and control projects,how to correctly plan and control projects,how to let them fit it in existing organizations ,how to let them fit it in existing organizations ,how to properly deal with the project team from a behavioral perspective ,how to properly deal with the project team from a behavioral perspective ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Project Management, Leadership and Management, Strategy and Operations, Decision Making, Planning, Problem Solving, Product Management, Conflict Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/project-management-tools-approaches-skills this url.Course name is Django for Everybody. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Michigan. The course instructor is Charles Russell Severance. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Install and deploy a  Django application; build HTML web pages styled by CSS,Install and deploy a  Django application; build HTML web pages styled by CSS,Describe and build a data model in Django, applying model query and template tags/code of Django Template Language,Describe and build a data model in Django, applying model query and template tags/code of Django Template Language,Apply built-in login functionality in Django; define sessions, cookies, and one-to-many models,Apply built-in login functionality in Django; define sessions, cookies, and one-to-many models,Build objects and write syntactically correct JavaScript language; explain basic elements of low-level jQuery,Build objects and write syntactically correct JavaScript language; explain basic elements of low-level jQuery,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Web Development, Django (Web Framework), Computer Programming, Javascript, Other Web Frameworks, Data Model, Python Programming, SQL
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/django this url.Course name is ETL and Data Pipelines with Shell, Airflow and Kafka. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Yan Luo. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Describe and contrast Extract, Transform, Load (ETL) processes and Extract, Load, Transform (ELT) processes.,Describe and contrast Extract, Transform, Load (ETL) processes and Extract, Load, Transform (ELT) processes.,Explain batch vs concurrent modes of execution.,Explain batch vs concurrent modes of execution.,Implement an ETL pipeline through shell scripting.,Implement an ETL pipeline through shell scripting.,Describe data pipeline components, processes, tools, and technologies.,Describe data pipeline components, processes, tools, and technologies.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Management, Extract, Transform, Load, Apache, Data Warehousing, Big Data, Database Administration, Distributed Computing Architecture, Operational Analysis, Process Analysis, System Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/etl-and-data-pipelines-shell-airflow-kafka this url.Course name is FinTech: Finance Industry Transformation and Regulation. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology. The course instructor is  Theodore Henry King CLARK. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Cryptocurrency,fintech disruption,Financial Technology,Blockchain,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  FinTech, Finance, Risk Management, Banking, Leadership and Management, Innovation, Regulations and Compliance, BlockChain, E-Commerce, Financial Analysis, Business Process Management, Data Analysis, Payments, Business Development, Computer Security Incident Management, Human Factors (Security)
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/fintech this url.Course name is Ingeniero en base de datos de Meta. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Meta. The course instructor is Taught by Meta Staff. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Demonstrate proficiency of SQL syntax and explain how it’s used to interact with a database.,Demonstrate proficiency of SQL syntax and explain how it’s used to interact with a database.,Create databases from scratch and learn how to add, manage and optimize your database.,Create databases from scratch and learn how to add, manage and optimize your database.,Write database driven applications in Python to connect clients to MySQL databases.,Write database driven applications in Python to connect clients to MySQL databases.,Develop a working knowledge of advanced data modeling concepts.,Develop a working knowledge of advanced data modeling concepts.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/meta-database-engineer-es this url.Course name is Dirección y Gestión de Negocios. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Universidad de Palermo. The course instructor is Roberto de Gori. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Importancia del desarrollo estratégico y del marketing.,Importancia del desarrollo estratégico y del marketing.,Sistemas ágiles de gestión.,Sistemas ágiles de gestión.,Management de sistemas de información y procesos, integración de la tecnología con el negocio de la empresa.,Management de sistemas de información y procesos, integración de la tecnología con el negocio de la empresa.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, Marketing, Organizational Development, Process Analysis, Strategy, Business Communication, Business Intelligence, Decision Making, Leadership and Management, Negotiation, Persona Research, Continuous Integration, Culture, Econometrics, Human Resources, Innovation, Operational Analysis, Planning, Project Management, Strategy and Operations, Marketing Design, Marketing Management, Probability & Statistics, Probability Distribution, Behavioral Economics, Brand Management, Cloud Load Balancing, Computational Logic, Customer Analysis, Extract, Transform, Load, Finance, General Statistics, Market Research, Business, Professional Development
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/direccion-y-gestion-de-negocios this url.Course name is Creativity and AI. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Parsons School of Design, The New School. The course instructor is Jeongki Lim. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Investigate the theories and techniques behind the latest work in artificial creativity, from Ada Lovelace to Open AI,Investigate the theories and techniques behind the latest work in artificial creativity, from Ada Lovelace to Open AI,Conduct design research for the development of innovative products, services, exhibitions, and initiatives,Conduct design research for the development of innovative products, services, exhibitions, and initiatives,Examine the potentials and limitations of creative AI in understanding human creativity,Examine the potentials and limitations of creative AI in understanding human creativity,Apply creativity theories and AI to personal practice, organizational strategies, and economic policies,Apply creativity theories and AI to personal practice, organizational strategies, and economic policies,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Creativity, Leadership and Management, Research and Design, Machine Learning, Applied Machine Learning, Human Learning, Innovation, Machine Learning Algorithms
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/creativity-ai this url.Course name is Product Management: An Introduction. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Matt Versdahl. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Summarize the roles, responsibilities, skills, competencies, and knowledge requirements for a product manager’s success.,Summarize the roles, responsibilities, skills, competencies, and knowledge requirements for a product manager’s success.,Examine the end-to-end product management lifecycle and the role the product manager plays that drives product success.,Examine the end-to-end product management lifecycle and the role the product manager plays that drives product success.,Investigate “value creation” and the contributions of the product manager that potentially add value to a product.,Investigate “value creation” and the contributions of the product manager that potentially add value to a product.,Compare and contrast possible career paths in product management and the certifications that will help you progress in the field.,Compare and contrast possible career paths in product management and the certifications that will help you progress in the field.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Product Lifecycle, Product Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/product-management-an-introduction this url.Course name is Generative AI in Education. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Glasgow . The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand the fundamentals of generative AI in Education.,Understand the fundamentals of generative AI in Education.,Explore practical examples of a type of Generative AI in Education.,Explore practical examples of a type of Generative AI in Education.,Understand ethical considerations in using generative AI in education.,Understand ethical considerations in using generative AI in education.,Engage in uses of Generative AI and discussion on the impact it could have on the learning experience of all learners.,Engage in uses of Generative AI and discussion on the impact it could have on the learning experience of all learners.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/generative-ai-in-education this url.Course name is Sustainable Cities. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Johns Hopkins University. The course instructor is William Roper. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 energy efficiency and environmental protection,sustainable neighborhoods,sustainable buildings and green construction,transparency and public involvement,sustainability principles and planning,View all skills,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Planning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/sustainablecities this url.Course name is Introduction to Genetics and Evolution. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Duke University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Biology,Genetics,Evolution,Genomics,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/genetics-evolution this url.Course name is Instructional Methods in Health Professions Education. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Michigan. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand educational theory as it relates to health professions education.,Understand educational theory as it relates to health professions education.,Learn a variety of applied teaching techniques.,Learn a variety of applied teaching techniques.,Share successful teaching strategies.,Share successful teaching strategies.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/instructional-methods-education this url.Course name is Introduction to Hardware and Operating Systems. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is IBM Skills Network Team. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Demonstrate an understanding of operating system fundamentals. ,Demonstrate an understanding of operating system fundamentals. ,Recognize desktop and laptop hardware components and devices.,Recognize desktop and laptop hardware components and devices.,Identify and describe internal desktop and laptop computer components, interfaces, and peripherals. ,Identify and describe internal desktop and laptop computer components, interfaces, and peripherals. ,Explain basic workstation setup, locate operating system settings, and identify good troubleshooting practices.,Explain basic workstation setup, locate operating system settings, and identify good troubleshooting practices.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Operating Systems, Computer Networking, IBM Cloud
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-to-hardware-and-operating-systems this url.Course name is Financial Planning for Young Adults. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Risk Management,Budget,Saving,Investment,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Finance, Financial Management, Leadership and Management, Planning, Cash Management, Decision Making, Account Management, Budget Management, Financial Analysis, Risk Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/financial-planning this url.Course name is Introduction to Data Science in Python. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Michigan. The course instructor is Christopher Brooks. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand techniques such as lambdas and manipulating csv files,Understand techniques such as lambdas and manipulating csv files,Describe common Python functionality and features used for data science,Describe common Python functionality and features used for data science,Query DataFrame structures for cleaning and processing,Query DataFrame structures for cleaning and processing,Explain distributions, sampling, and t-tests,Explain distributions, sampling, and t-tests,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, Data Analysis, Data Management, Python Programming, Statistical Programming, Data Mining, Extract, Transform, Load, Computer Programming Tools, Data Structures, Exploratory Data Analysis, General Statistics
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/python-data-analysis this url.Course name is Introduction to Good Clinical Practice. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Novartis. The course instructor is Novartis Learning. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Explore the clinical trial process, the basics of good clinical practice, and the history of regulatory frameworks for medical treatment and testing.,Explore the clinical trial process, the basics of good clinical practice, and the history of regulatory frameworks for medical treatment and testing.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/good-clinical-practice-novartis this url.Course name is Comprendre la France, Advanced French Language & Culture. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the École Polytechnique. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 French Culture,French Speaking World,French Language,French Literature,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Advanced. Currently the course has a rating of 5.0. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/comprendre-la-france-advanced-french-language-culture-c1-c2 this url.Course name is International Business. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Colorado Boulder. The course instructor is Stephen R. Lawrence. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Comprehend and critique global business including trade theories, globalization, political and economic systems, ethics, and international trade law.,Comprehend and critique global business including trade theories, globalization, political and economic systems, ethics, and international trade law.,Apply models of national culture to international marketing and human resource management.,Apply models of national culture to international marketing and human resource management.,Understand methods of organizing international logistics and supply chains and explain foreign currency exchange and its risks.,Understand methods of organizing international logistics and supply chains and explain foreign currency exchange and its risks.,Analyze and evaluate the many modes and methods that businesses can participate in international markets.,Analyze and evaluate the many modes and methods that businesses can participate in international markets.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Strategy and Operations, Leadership and Management, Operations Management, Strategy, Marketing, Business Development, Supply Chain and Logistics, Culture, Sales, Supply Chain Systems, Accounting, B2B Sales, Business Transformation, Entrepreneurial Finance, Marketing Management, Organizational Development, Risk Management, Transportation Operations Management, Business Analysis, Entrepreneurship, Market Research, Product Marketing, Regulations and Compliance
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/international-business this url.Course name is Customer Relationship Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Starweaver. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Learners will be able to assess the changing landscape of CRM, identifying key trends and future directions that can impact business strategies.,Learners will be able to assess the changing landscape of CRM, identifying key trends and future directions that can impact business strategies.,Learners will be able to create customer-focused plans that cater to diverse customer needs, enhancing satisfaction and building strong relationships,Learners will be able to create customer-focused plans that cater to diverse customer needs, enhancing satisfaction and building strong relationships,Students leverage data for valuable customer insights, enhancing satisfaction and effective relationship management.,Students leverage data for valuable customer insights, enhancing satisfaction and effective relationship management.,Students apply CRM principles for customer segmentation, loyalty programs, optimized sales, driving retention, and enhancing business performance.,Students apply CRM principles for customer segmentation, loyalty programs, optimized sales, driving retention, and enhancing business performance.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Customer Relationship Management, Leadership and Management, Problem Solving
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/customer-relationship-management this url.Course name is Introduction to Comparative Indo-European Linguistics. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Universiteit Leiden. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Investigate the evolution of words and sounds in Indo-European languages  ,Investigate the evolution of words and sounds in Indo-European languages  ,Explain how Indo-European languages are related to each other ,Explain how Indo-European languages are related to each other ,Discuss the interplay between linguistics, archaeology and genetics,Discuss the interplay between linguistics, archaeology and genetics,Explore the oldest written sources of Indo-European languages,Explore the oldest written sources of Indo-European languages,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/comparative-indo-european-linguistics this url.Course name is Algebra: Elementary to Advanced. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Johns Hopkins University. The course instructor is Joseph W. Cutrone, PhD. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Solving linear, quadratic, polynomial, and exponential equations.,Solving linear, quadratic, polynomial, and exponential equations.,Properties of real, rational, and irrational numbers. ,Properties of real, rational, and irrational numbers. ,Properties of a variety of functions (eg, graphs, domain, range, intercepts, asymptotes) ,Properties of a variety of functions (eg, graphs, domain, range, intercepts, asymptotes) ,Applications of the theory presented to model data, reason logically, and evaluate arguments. ,Applications of the theory presented to model data, reason logically, and evaluate arguments. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Algebra, Mathematics, Problem Solving, Linear Algebra, Applied Mathematics, Critical Thinking, Plot (Graphics), Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Computational Thinking, Decision Making
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/algebra-elementary-to-advanced this url.Course name is Developing Your Musicianship. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Berklee. The course instructor is George W. Russell, Jr.. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Aurally identify musical intervals, chords, and chord progressions,Aurally identify musical intervals, chords, and chord progressions,Write and practice major and minor scales in a variety of keys,Write and practice major and minor scales in a variety of keys,Compose a 12-bar blues with a melody,Compose a 12-bar blues with a melody,Define and discuss harmonic function and modal interchange,Define and discuss harmonic function and modal interchange,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Training
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/musicianship-specialization this url.Course name is How to Play Guitar. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Berklee. The course instructor is Thaddeus Hogarth. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Guitar,Music,Guitar scales,Guitar chords,guitar performance,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Creativity
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/play-guitar this url.Course name is ASP.NET for Experienced Developers. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Board Infinity . The course instructor is Board Infinity. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Master C# fundamentals and advanced topics like LINQ, delegates, inheritance, and encapsulation to build robust .NET applications. ,Master C# fundamentals and advanced topics like LINQ, delegates, inheritance, and encapsulation to build robust .NET applications. ,Learn backend development using ASP.NET, creating scalable applications using ASP.NET Core, MVC, and Web API for diverse use cases. ,Learn backend development using ASP.NET, creating scalable applications using ASP.NET Core, MVC, and Web API for diverse use cases. ,Understand microservices architecture with .NET Core, focusing on design, implementation, and integration with databases and systems.  ,Understand microservices architecture with .NET Core, focusing on design, implementation, and integration with databases and systems.  ,Learn to utilize Docker for .NET Core applications, streamlining deployment processes and managing applications efficiently. ,Learn to utilize Docker for .NET Core applications, streamlining deployment processes and managing applications efficiently. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, DevOps
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.0. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/asp-dot-net-experience this url.Course name is Fundamentals of Business Analysis. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Starweaver. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Define and prioritize business analysis tasks within a project scope.  ,Define and prioritize business analysis tasks within a project scope.  ,Develop comprehensive plans for conducting business analysis activities.  ,Develop comprehensive plans for conducting business analysis activities.  ,Identify key stakeholders and establish effective collaboration strategies with them.  ,Identify key stakeholders and establish effective collaboration strategies with them.  ,Collect and document various types of requirements to support project objectives.  ,Collect and document various types of requirements to support project objectives.  ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Analysis
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/fundamentals-of-business-analysis this url.Course name is Spring Framework. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the LearnQuest. The course instructor is Derek Parsons. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Spring Framework,Spring Data,Spring Configuration,Netflix OSS,Java Programming,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Web Development, Computer Programming, Java Programming, Software Framework, Software Architecture, Software Engineering, Application Development, Back-End Web Development, Other Web Frameworks, Programming Principles, Cloud Computing, Cloud Load Balancing, Full-Stack Web Development, Web Development Tools
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 3.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/spring-framework this url.Course name is Blood Film Morphology - A Practical Guide. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Western Australia. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 After succesfully completing the course, the learner will have achieved an intermediate level of competence in interpreting & analysing blood films.,After succesfully completing the course, the learner will have achieved an intermediate level of competence in interpreting & analysing blood films.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/blood-film-morphology this url.Course name is Climate Change and Sustainable Investing. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the EDHEC Business School. The course instructor is LIONEL MARTELLINI -EDHEC BUSINESS SCHOOL. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 The science of climate change,The science of climate change,The economics of climate change ,The economics of climate change ,The finance of climate change,The finance of climate change,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Finance, Investment Management, Risk Management, Leadership and Management, Financial Analysis, Banking, Financial Accounting
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/climatechangeandsustainableinvesting this url.Course name is Compensation and Benefits. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the HRCI. The course instructor is Brad Boyson. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Evaluate an organization's compensation strategy,Evaluate an organization's compensation strategy,Explain different benefit types and options,Explain different benefit types and options,Evaluate and select an appropriate pay system for an organization's needs,Evaluate and select an appropriate pay system for an organization's needs,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Benefits, Compensation
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/compensation-and-benefits this url.Course name is BIM Fundamentals for Engineers. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the National Taiwan University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Construction Management,Mechanical Engineering,Beam Robotics,Civil Engineering,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/bim-fundamentals this url.Course name is Blockchain: Foundations and Use Cases. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the ConsenSys Academy. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  BlockChain, Cryptography, Databases, Distributed Computing Architecture, Network Model
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/blockchain-foundations-and-use-cases this url.Course name is MOST from a Conceptual Perspective. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the New York University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 5.0. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/most-conceptual-perspective this url.Course name is Systems Biology and Biotechnology. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai. The course instructor is Avi Ma’ayan, PhD. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Biology,Molecular Biology,Dynamical Systems,Matlab,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Bioinformatics, Probability & Statistics, Mathematics, Differential Equations, Network Analysis, Graph Theory, Matlab
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.4. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/systems-biology this url.Course name is Teaching with Art: Using Inquiry, Activities, and Themes. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the The Museum of Modern Art. The course instructor is Larissa Raphael. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Learn the ways inquiry, activities, and accessible themes can support students’ creative thinking.,Learn the ways inquiry, activities, and accessible themes can support students’ creative thinking.,Explore how to enhance students’ ability to make connections between classroom content and their prior knowledge and experiences. ,Explore how to enhance students’ ability to make connections between classroom content and their prior knowledge and experiences. ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Critical Thinking, Creativity
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/teaching-with-art this url.Course name is Project Management Foundations, Initiation, and Planning. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the SkillUp EdTech. The course instructor is Skill-Up EdTech Team. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Compare and contrast predictive and adaptive project management models,Compare and contrast predictive and adaptive project management models,Investigate how to lead effective meetings and how motivating your team can lead to project success,Investigate how to lead effective meetings and how motivating your team can lead to project success,Create planning documents and others that help you scope a project, plan project schedules, and create accurate budgets,Create planning documents and others that help you scope a project, plan project schedules, and create accurate budgets,Apply processes and tools that drive project initiation  ,Apply processes and tools that drive project initiation  ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Project Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/project-management-foundations-initiation-and-planning this url.Course name is Habilidades Gerenciales. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México. The course instructor is Patricia Benítez Corona . The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Delegation,Leadership,Coaching,Supervision,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Organizational Development, Strategy, Human Resources, Communication, Strategy and Operations, Emotional Intelligence, People Analysis, Project Management, Collaboration, Human Learning, Planning, Adaptability, Business Process Management, Business Psychology, Persona Research, Change Management, Continuous Integration, Leadership Development, Operational Analysis, Business Analysis, Media Strategy & Planning, Talent Management, Human Resources Operations, Problem Solving
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/habilidades this url.Course name is Gestion de projet de Google. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Votre apprentissage sera fondé sur une compréhension immersive des pratiques et des compétences pour réussir en tant que chef de projet débutant.,Votre apprentissage sera fondé sur une compréhension immersive des pratiques et des compétences pour réussir en tant que chef de projet débutant.,Vous apprendrez à créer une documentation de projet et des artefacts efficaces tout au long des différentes phases d’un projet.,Vous apprendrez à créer une documentation de projet et des artefacts efficaces tout au long des différentes phases d’un projet.,Vous apprendrez les bases de la gestion de projet Agile : la mise en œuvre d’événements, la création d’artefacts et la compréhension des rôles Scrum.,Vous apprendrez les bases de la gestion de projet Agile : la mise en œuvre d’événements, la création d’artefacts et la compréhension des rôles Scrum.,Vous vous exercerez à la communication stratégique, à la résolution de problèmes et à la gestion des partenaires dans le cadre de scénarios concrets.,Vous vous exercerez à la communication stratégique, à la résolution de problèmes et à la gestion des partenaires dans le cadre de scénarios concrets.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Analysis, Business Development, Communication, Decision Making, Design and Product, Entrepreneurship, Leadership and Management, Planning, Strategy, Strategy and Operations, Data Analysis, Business Psychology, Business Communication, Collaboration, Conflict Management, Resilience, C++ Programming, Compensation, Business Design, Scrum (Software Development)
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/gestion-de-projet-de-google this url.Course name is Introduction to Chemistry:  Reactions and Ratios. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Duke University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Problem Solving
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/intro-chemistry this url.Course name is Machine Learning Introduction for Everyone. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Compare and contrast artificial intelligence, machine learning, and deep learning ,Compare and contrast artificial intelligence, machine learning, and deep learning ,Explain the machine learning models development lifecycle    ,Explain the machine learning models development lifecycle    ,Differentiate between supervised and unsupervised machine learning   ,Differentiate between supervised and unsupervised machine learning   ,Evaluate classification models using metrics such as accuracy, confusion matrices, precision, and recall,Evaluate classification models using metrics such as accuracy, confusion matrices, precision, and recall,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, Deep Learning, Human Learning, Machine Learning, Machine Learning Algorithms, Reinforcement Learning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning-introduction-for-everyone this url.Course name is Digital Health. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Imperial College London. The course instructor is Ana Luisa Neves. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Big Data
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/digitalhealth this url.Course name is IBM Data Analyst Capstone Project. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the IBM. The course instructor is Rav Ahuja. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Apply different techniques to collect and wrangle data,Apply different techniques to collect and wrangle data,Showcase your Data Analysis and Visualization skills ,Showcase your Data Analysis and Visualization skills ,Create a data analysis report and a compelling presentation,Create a data analysis report and a compelling presentation,Demonstrate proficiency with various Python Libraries,Demonstrate proficiency with various Python Libraries,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Python Programming, Exploratory Data Analysis, Computer Programming, Data Analysis, Data Visualization, Microsoft Excel, SQL
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/ibm-data-analyst-capstone-project this url.Course name is Introduction to 3D Modeling. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Michigan. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Gain interest in 3D design and learning how to use 3D modeling software.,Gain interest in 3D design and learning how to use 3D modeling software.,Utilize 3D surface and 3D solid modeling tools to create and edit more complex designs.,Utilize 3D surface and 3D solid modeling tools to create and edit more complex designs.,Round out your foundational knowledge with 3D rendering and creating 3D printable models.,Round out your foundational knowledge with 3D rendering and creating 3D printable models.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 3.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-to-3d-modeling this url.Course name is AI in Healthcare Capstone. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Stanford University. The course instructor is Serena Yeung. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/ai-in-healthcare-capstone this url.Course name is Spacecraft Dynamics and Control. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Colorado Boulder. The course instructor is Hanspeter Schaub. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Apply transport theorem to differentiate vectors, derive frame dependent velocity and acceleration vectors, and solve kinematic particle problems, ,Apply transport theorem to differentiate vectors, derive frame dependent velocity and acceleration vectors, and solve kinematic particle problems, ,Translate between sets of attitude descriptions; add and subtract relative attitude descriptions for the movement of rigid bodies,Translate between sets of attitude descriptions; add and subtract relative attitude descriptions for the movement of rigid bodies,Apply the static stability conditions of a dual-spinner configuration to derive equations of motion for rigid bodies with momentum exchange devices,Apply the static stability conditions of a dual-spinner configuration to derive equations of motion for rigid bodies with momentum exchange devices,Apply Lyapunov method to argue stability and convergence on a range of systems, analyze rigid body control convergence with unmodeled torque,Apply Lyapunov method to argue stability and convergence on a range of systems, analyze rigid body control convergence with unmodeled torque,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Mathematics, Linear Algebra, Differential Equations, Angular, Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Algebra, Calculus, Geometry, Matlab, Problem Solving, Algorithms, Data Analysis, Spatial Analysis
. The level of difficulty for this course is Advanced. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/spacecraft-dynamics-control this url.Course name is The Digital Marketing Revolution. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. The course instructor is Aric Rindfleisch. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Transformation, Digital Marketing, Market Research, Marketing, Brand Management, Critical Thinking, Innovation, Marketing Design, Media Strategy & Planning, Strategy
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/digital-marketing-revolution this url.Course name is Social Work Practice: Advocating Social Justice and Change. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Michigan. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Explore the different roles of social workers in a range of settings,Explore the different roles of social workers in a range of settings,Understand the social work profession and the themes and values that guide social work practice,Understand the social work profession and the themes and values that guide social work practice,Follow the history of the field of social work from its beginnings through current challenges,Follow the history of the field of social work from its beginnings through current challenges,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/social-work-practice-advocating-social-justice-and-change this url.Course name is International Organizations Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Geneva. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Entrepreneurship, Leadership and Management, Business Psychology, Organizational Development, Collaboration, Communication, Marketing, Sales, Strategy, Strategy and Operations
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/international-organizations-management this url.Course name is Architecting Solutions on AWS. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Amazon Web Services. The course instructor is Morgan Willis. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Software Architecture,Data Analysis,Data Visualization,AWS Account Management,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Amazon Web Services, Cloud Computing, Cloud Storage, Cloud Applications, Cloud Engineering, Cloud Infrastructure, Cloud Management, Cloud Platforms, Cloud-Based Integration, Database Design, Data Analysis, Software Architecture, Data Visualization
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/architecting-solutions-on-aws this url.Course name is Palo Alto Networks Cybersecurity. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Palo Alto Networks. The course instructor is James Dalton. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Examine the cybersecurity landscape, attack threat vectors, vulnerabilities, and risks. ,Examine the cybersecurity landscape, attack threat vectors, vulnerabilities, and risks. ,Describe the basics of cryptography including encryption.,Describe the basics of cryptography including encryption.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Network Security, Security Engineering, Computer Networking, System Security, Software Security, Network Architecture, Cloud Computing, Computer Security Models, Strategy and Operations, Computer Security Incident Management, Operations Management, Security Software, Cyberattacks, Network Model, Security Strategy, Software As A Service, Cloud Applications, Cloud Infrastructure, Leadership and Management, Networking Hardware, Strategy, Cloud Management, Cloud Standards, Computer Architecture, Kubernetes, Software-Defined Networking
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/palo-alto-networks-cybersecurity-fundamentals this url.Course name is Programming in Python. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Meta. The course instructor is Taught by Meta Staff. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Foundational programming skills with basic Python Syntax.,Foundational programming skills with basic Python Syntax.,How to use objects, classes and methods.,How to use objects, classes and methods.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Python Programming, Programming Principles, Big Data, Software Testing, Algorithms, Computer Programming, Django (Web Framework), Tensorflow
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/programming-in-python this url.Course name is Financial Reporting. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. The course instructor is Wei Li, PhD, CPA. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Accounting,Accounting Analysis,Financial Statement,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Accounting, Financial Accounting, General Accounting, Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), Financial Analysis, Finance, Accounts Payable and Receivable, Financial Management, Management Accounting, Cost Accounting, Leadership and Management, Account Management, Inventory Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/financial-reporting this url.Course name is Microsoft PL-300 Exam Preparation and Practice. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Microsoft. The course instructor is  Microsoft. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to prepare the data with Power BI.,How to prepare the data with Power BI.,How to Model the data in Power BI.,How to Model the data in Power BI.,How to visualize and analyze the data with Power BI.,How to visualize and analyze the data with Power BI.,,,How to deploy and maintain Power BI assets.,How to deploy and maintain Power BI assets.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/microsoft-pl-300-exam-preparation-and-practice this url.Course name is Suicide Prevention. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Wesleyan University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Basic facts about suicidal thoughts and behaviors,Basic facts about suicidal thoughts and behaviors,The historical and modern understanding of suicide,The historical and modern understanding of suicide,An overview of different types of prevention and intervention approached for suicide,An overview of different types of prevention and intervention approached for suicide,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Epidemiology
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/suicide-prevention this url.Course name is The Nuts and Bolts of Machine Learning. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Identify characteristics of the different types of machine learning ,Identify characteristics of the different types of machine learning ,Prepare data for machine learning models ,Prepare data for machine learning models ,Build and evaluate supervised and unsupervised learning models using Python,Build and evaluate supervised and unsupervised learning models using Python,Demonstrate proper model and metric selection for a machine learning algorithm,Demonstrate proper model and metric selection for a machine learning algorithm,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Machine Learning, Python Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Advanced. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/the-nuts-and-bolts-of-machine-learning this url.Course name is Understanding Einstein: The Special Theory of Relativity. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Stanford University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Critical Thinking
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/einstein-relativity this url.Course name is Introduction to Operations Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Christian Terwiesch. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 You will learn to analyze processes, optimize flow, and manage variability, driving improvements and achieving excellence in operations management.,You will learn to analyze processes, optimize flow, and manage variability, driving improvements and achieving excellence in operations management.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Operations Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.4. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/wharton-operations this url.Course name is Leading Healthcare Quality and Safety. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the The George Washington University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/quality-healthcare this url.Course name is TOEFL Preparation. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California, Irvine. The course instructor is Helen Nam. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Strategy, Writing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/toefl-preparation this url.Course name is Diversity and Inclusion in Education. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Glasgow . The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Diversity Equity And Inclusion Policies,Diversity Equity And Inclusion Initiatives,Teacher Education,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/diversity-and-inclusion-education this url.Course name is Life Cycle Assessment. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Michigan. The course instructor is Olivier Jolliet. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Calculate the environmental impact of systems and products,Calculate the environmental impact of systems and products,Assess impact across the entire product life cycle,Assess impact across the entire product life cycle,Utilize the Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) methodology,Utilize the Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) methodology,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Product Lifecycle
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.0. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/life-cycle-assessment this url.Course name is Preparing to Manage Human Resources. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Minnesota. The course instructor is John W. Budd. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Human Resources (HR),Resource Management,Hr Strategy,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Communication, Employee Relations, Human Resources, People Management, Strategy and Operations, Human Resources Operations, Leadership and Management, Strategy, Business Psychology, People Development
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/managing-human-resources this url.Course name is Terrorism and Counterterrorism: Comparing Theory and Practice. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Universiteit Leiden. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 How to define terrorism and correct wrong assumptions,How to define terrorism and correct wrong assumptions,What can be done to limit the impact of terrorism?,What can be done to limit the impact of terrorism?,What are the current developments in Terrorism Studies?,What are the current developments in Terrorism Studies?,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/terrorism this url.Course name is Google Cloud Big Data and Machine Learning Fundamentals. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google Cloud. The course instructor is Google Cloud Training. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Identify the data-to-AI lifecycle on Google Cloud and the major products of big data and machine learning.,Identify the data-to-AI lifecycle on Google Cloud and the major products of big data and machine learning.,Design streaming pipelines with Dataflow and Pub/Sub and dDesign streaming pipelines with Dataflow and Pub/Sub.,Design streaming pipelines with Dataflow and Pub/Sub and dDesign streaming pipelines with Dataflow and Pub/Sub.,Identify different options to build machine learning solutions on Google Cloud.,Identify different options to build machine learning solutions on Google Cloud.,Describe a machine learning workflow and the key steps with Vertex AI and build a machine learning pipeline using AutoML.,Describe a machine learning workflow and the key steps with Vertex AI and build a machine learning pipeline using AutoML.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Big Data, Cloud Computing, Cloud Platforms, Google Cloud Platform, Human Learning, Machine Learning
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/gcp-big-data-ml-fundamentals this url.Course name is Data Science Math Skills. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Duke University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Bayes' Theorem,Bayesian Probability,Probability,Probability Theory,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Data Analysis, General Statistics, Probability & Statistics, Problem Solving, Statistical Analysis, Algebra, Calculus, Probability Distribution
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/datasciencemathskills this url.Course name is Health Behavior Change: From Evidence to Action. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Yale University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Identify social, behavioral, and psychological factors that influence health and health care.,Identify social, behavioral, and psychological factors that influence health and health care.,Inform clinical care, public health programs, and health policy through results of empirical studies.,Inform clinical care, public health programs, and health policy through results of empirical studies.,Utilize best practices from clinical psychology and public health to make informed health decisions and to optimize health behaviors.,Utilize best practices from clinical psychology and public health to make informed health decisions and to optimize health behaviors.,Apply theory, methods, and research results in the social and behavioral sciences to public health practice and policy.,Apply theory, methods, and research results in the social and behavioral sciences to public health practice and policy.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/health-behavior-change this url.Course name is Gestión Empresarial Exitosa para Pymes. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Persona (User Experience),Management,Finance,Marketing,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Finance, Human Resources, Leadership and Management, Marketing, Planning, Strategy, Communication, Entrepreneurship, Media Strategy & Planning, Strategy and Operations
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/gestionempresarialpyme this url.Course name is Weight Management: Beyond Balancing Calories. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Emory University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand obesity, appetite hormones, and weight set point.,Understand obesity, appetite hormones, and weight set point.,Identify the main dietary factors that affect weight.,Identify the main dietary factors that affect weight.,Recognize underemphasized barriers to weight loss such as stress and inadequate sleep.,Recognize underemphasized barriers to weight loss such as stress and inadequate sleep.,Develop a weight management plan you can follow for life.,Develop a weight management plan you can follow for life.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/weight-management-beyond-balancing-calories this url.Course name is ESG and Climate Change. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Sarah Light. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Regulations and Compliance, Risk Management, Supply Chain and Logistics, Business Analysis, Innovation, Leadership and Management, Resilience, Supplier Relationship Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/esg-and-climate-change this url.Course name is Introduction to Probability and Data with R. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Duke University. The course instructor is Mine Çetinkaya-Rundel. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Statistics,R Programming,Rstudio,Exploratory Data Analysis,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Basic Descriptive Statistics, Data Analysis, General Statistics, Probability & Statistics, Statistical Analysis, Critical Thinking, R Programming, Exploratory Data Analysis, Statistical Programming, Data Visualization, Computer Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/probability-intro this url.Course name is Data-driven Decision Making. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the PwC. The course instructor is Alex Mannella. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Data-Informed Decision-Making,Big Data,Data Analysis,Data Visualization,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Big Data, Business Analysis, Data Analysis, Data Management, Data Visualization, Decision Making, Critical Thinking, Data Analysis Software, Data Structures, Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/decision-making this url.Course name is Microeconomics: The Power of Markets. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Economics,Microeconomics,Economic Analysis,Market (Economics),
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Problem Solving, Market Analysis, Behavioral Economics, Business Analysis, Decision Making, Finance, Market Research, Mathematics, Supply Chain and Logistics
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/microeconomics-part1 this url.Course name is Sustainable Agricultural Land Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Florida. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/sustainable-agriculture this url.Course name is Coding Interview Preparation. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Meta. The course instructor is Taught by Meta Staff. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Prepare for a coding interview,Prepare for a coding interview,Prepare for a Meta interview,Prepare for a Meta interview,Solve problems using code,Solve problems using code,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Algorithms, Computer Science, Communication, Data Structures, Javascript, Problem Solving
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/coding-interview-preparation this url.Course name is Data Structures. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California San Diego. The course instructor is Neil Rhodes. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Priority Queue,Binary Search Tree,Hash Table,List,Stack (Abstract Data Type),
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Algorithms, Computer Programming, Data Structures, Theoretical Computer Science, Problem Solving, C++ Programming, Computer Programming Tools, Mathematical Theory & Analysis, Programming Principles, Mathematics
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/data-structures this url.Course name is COVID-19 Training for Healthcare Workers. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Stanford University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Learn key features of COVID-19 and common presenting symptoms. ,Learn key features of COVID-19 and common presenting symptoms. ,Prevent COVID-19 transmission to healthcare providers and other individuals. ,Prevent COVID-19 transmission to healthcare providers and other individuals. ,Assess and give immediate care to patients in acute respiratory distress to prevent worsening.,Assess and give immediate care to patients in acute respiratory distress to prevent worsening.,Provide advanced management and stabilization of patients in severe respiratory distress, including early ventilator management.,Provide advanced management and stabilization of patients in severe respiratory distress, including early ventilator management.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Critical Thinking, Leadership and Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/covid-19-training-healthcare this url.Course name is Battery Technologies. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Arizona State University. The course instructor is Arunachala Nadar Mada Kannan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
  Course 1: Participants will learn basic operating principles of battery design for maximizing energy and power density for automotive applications., Course 1: Participants will learn basic operating principles of battery design for maximizing energy and power density for automotive applications.,Course 2: Participants will learn active material, chemistry and manufacturing processes in various Zn and Ni battery selection and size application.,Course 2: Participants will learn active material, chemistry and manufacturing processes in various Zn and Ni battery selection and size application.,Course 3: Participants will learn active materials, chemistry and manufacturing processes as they relate to Li based primary batteries.,Course 3: Participants will learn active materials, chemistry and manufacturing processes as they relate to Li based primary batteries.,Course 4: Participants will learn components of battery management systems, cell balancing, state of charge and state of health estimation.,Course 4: Participants will learn components of battery management systems, cell balancing, state of charge and state of health estimation.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/battery-technologies this url.Course name is Introduction to Risk Management. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the New York Institute of Finance. The course instructor is Joseph Iraci. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Differentiate between financial and business risks,Differentiate between financial and business risks,Examine the key concepts and factors of risk measurement,Examine the key concepts and factors of risk measurement,Understand the application of risk modeling,Understand the application of risk modeling,Understand the principles of risk management ,Understand the principles of risk management ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Risk Management, Finance, Financial Analysis, Financial Management, Market Analysis, Operating Systems, Operations Research, Regulations and Compliance, Strategy
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/introduction-to-risk-management this url.Course name is Strategic Thinking for Everyone. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Arizona State University. The course instructor is CareerCatalyst . The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Soft skills,Professional Skills,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/strategicthinkingforeveryone this url.Course name is Healthcare Marketplace. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Minnesota. The course instructor is Dr. Rahul Koranne. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Cost–Benefit Analysis,Evaluation,Health Insurance,Healthcare Delivery Systems,Medical Device,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Leadership and Management, Market Research, Research and Design, Clinical Data Management, Innovation, Market Analysis, Finance, Business Analysis, Data Management, Entrepreneurship, Organizational Development, Regulations and Compliance, Risk Management, Strategy and Operations, Business Process Management, Data Analysis, Human Resources, Marketing, Payments, Design and Product, People Development, Product Development
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/healthcare-marketplace this url.Course name is Future Ready Company. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the London Business School. The course instructor is David Lewis. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Understand the key organising principles for making your business more resilient, and how these can be turned into new management practices.,Understand the key organising principles for making your business more resilient, and how these can be turned into new management practices.,Build the fundamental knowledge of sustainability, corporate responsibility and ESG needed to address your organisation's goals and challenges.,Build the fundamental knowledge of sustainability, corporate responsibility and ESG needed to address your organisation's goals and challenges.,Gain a solid understanding of the advantages and limitations of AI and machine learning.,Gain a solid understanding of the advantages and limitations of AI and machine learning.,Gain a deeper understanding of the challenges and opportunities presented by digital transformation.,Gain a deeper understanding of the challenges and opportunities presented by digital transformation.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/future-ready-company this url.Course name is EU policy and implementation: making Europe work!. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Universiteit Leiden. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.4. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/eu-making-europe-work this url.Course name is Financial Acumen for Non-Financial Managers. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Pennsylvania. The course instructor is Richard Lambert. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Finance, Financial Analysis, Financial Management, Accounting, Accounts Payable and Receivable, Business Analysis, Financial Accounting, General Accounting, Management Accounting, Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP)
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/finance-healthcare-managers this url.Course name is Introduction to Chemistry:  Structures and Solutions. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Duke University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/basic-chemistry this url.Course name is Camino a la Excelencia en Gestión de Proyectos. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Lean Project Management,Value Stream Mapping,Lean Manufacturing,Legal Project Management,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Culture, Leadership and Management, Operations Management, Organizational Development, Planning, Project Management, Strategy and Operations, Adaptability, Business Analysis, Continuous Integration
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/camino-excelencia-gestion-proyectos this url.Course name is Introduction to Classical Music. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Yale University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Art History,Music,Chord,History,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Culture
. The level of difficulty for this course is Mixed. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/introclassicalmusic this url.Course name is Learn English: Advanced Grammar and Punctuation. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California, Irvine. The course instructor is Emily Ellis. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 English Grammar,Punctuation,Grammar,English Language,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Writing
. The level of difficulty for this course is Advanced. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/advanced-grammar-punctuation this url.Course name is Arm Cortex-M Architecture and Software Development. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Arm. The course instructor is Edmund Player. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Assembly Language,Computer Architecture,C Programming,Cortex-M,Microcontroller,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/cortex-m-architecture-and-software-development this url.Course name is Tally Bookkeeper. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Tally Education and Distribution Services Private Limited. The course instructor is Tally Education and Distribution Services Private Limited . The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Explain and apply the fundamentals of accounting,Explain and apply the fundamentals of accounting,Use TallyPrime as an integrated business management software,Use TallyPrime as an integrated business management software,Manage accounts receivable and accounts payable,Manage accounts receivable and accounts payable,Explain and apply statutory and taxation concepts,Explain and apply statutory and taxation concepts,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Accounting Software, Accounting, Finance, Financial Accounting, General Accounting, Data Management, Taxes, Billing & Invoicing, Cash Management, Cost Accounting, Inventory Management, Supply Chain and Logistics, Financial Management, Payments, Accounts Payable and Receivable, Business Analysis, Data Analysis, Financial Analysis, Banking, Budget Management, Corporate Accouting, Data Architecture, Shipping and Receiving
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.5. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/tally-bookkeeper this url.Course name is Цифровий маркетинг і електронна комерція від Google. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Ви вивчите основи цифрового маркетингу та електронної комерції та отримаєте навички, необхідні для роботи на рівні початківця,Ви вивчите основи цифрового маркетингу та електронної комерції та отримаєте навички, необхідні для роботи на рівні початківця,Ви навчитесь привертати увагу клієнтів та залучати їх за допомогою цифрових маркетингових каналів, як-от пошукові системи та електронна пошта,Ви навчитесь привертати увагу клієнтів та залучати їх за допомогою цифрових маркетингових каналів, як-от пошукові системи та електронна пошта,Ви зможете вимірювати ефективність маркетингової діяльності за допомогою аналітики та найновіших знань,Ви зможете вимірювати ефективність маркетингової діяльності за допомогою аналітики та найновіших знань,Ви навчитесь створювати інтернет-магазини, аналізувати ефективність роботи в Інтернеті та підвищувати лояльність клієнтів,Ви навчитесь створювати інтернет-магазини, аналізувати ефективність роботи в Інтернеті та підвищувати лояльність клієнтів,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Digital Marketing, Marketing, E-Commerce, Problem Solving, Social Media, Advertising, Marketing Management, Search Engine Optimization, Strategy, Sales, Data Analysis, Market Analysis, People Analysis, Process Analysis, Customer Relationship Management, Advertising Sales, Algorithms, Critical Thinking, Data Structures, Google App Engine, Web Development Tools, Account Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/professional-certificates/google-digital-marketing-ecommerce-ua this url.Course name is Digital Transformation in Financial Services. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Copenhagen Business School. The course instructor is Jonas Hedman . The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Digital Strategy,Open Banking,Innovation,Financial Technology,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  FinTech, Finance, Innovation, Banking, Business Transformation, Leadership and Management, Payments, Regulations and Compliance, Strategy, Strategy and Operations, Business Analysis, Business Development, Cash Management, Cross Platform Development, Entrepreneurship, Investment Management, Product Strategy, Research and Design, Risk Management
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.4. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/digital-transformation-financial-services this url.Course name is Understanding Basic SQL Syntax. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Coursera Project Network. The course instructor is Judy Richardson. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Identify and use correct syntax when writing SQL retrieval queries.,Identify and use correct syntax when writing SQL retrieval queries.,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  SQL
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/projects/basic-sql-syntax this url.Course name is Conflict Transformation. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Emory University. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Active Listening,Communication,Facilitation,Interaction,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/conflict-transformation this url.Course name is Using Databases with Python. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of Michigan. The course instructor is Charles Russell Severance. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Use the Create, Read, Update, and Delete operations to manage databases,Use the Create, Read, Update, and Delete operations to manage databases,Explain the basics of Object Oriented Python,Explain the basics of Object Oriented Python,Understand how data is stored across multiple tables in a database,Understand how data is stored across multiple tables in a database,Utilize the Google Maps API to visualize data,Utilize the Google Maps API to visualize data,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, Data Structures, Database Administration, Database Design, Database Theory, Databases, Python Programming, Data Architecture, Data Model, Database Application, SQL
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/python-databases this url.Course name is Six Sigma Principles. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University System of Georgia. The course instructor is Bill Bailey, PhD. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Lean Six Sigma,Process Improvement,Six Sigma,Lean Methods,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Business Process Management, Entrepreneurship, Leadership and Management, Operations Management, Performance Management, Strategy and Operations, Business Psychology, Collaboration, Communication
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.7. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/six-sigma-principles this url.Course name is Ecology: Ecosystem Dynamics and Conservation. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the American Museum of Natural History. The course instructor is nan. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are nan
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.8. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/ecology-conservation this url.Course name is Internet of Things and AI Cloud. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the University of California San Diego. The course instructor is Harinath Garudadri. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 nan
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Networking, Internet Of Things, Communication, Computer Vision, Software-Defined Networking, Computer Programming, Cloud Computing, Python Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Intermediate. Currently the course has a rating of 4.2. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/internet-of-things this url.Course name is Google Advanced Data Analytics Capstone. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Google. The course instructor is Google Career Certificates. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 Examine data to identify patterns and trends ,Examine data to identify patterns and trends ,Build models using machine learning techniques ,Build models using machine learning techniques ,Create data visualizations ,Create data visualizations ,Explore career resources ,Explore career resources ,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Computer Programming, Data Analysis, Machine Learning, Python Programming
. The level of difficulty for this course is Advanced. Currently the course has a rating of 4.9. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/learn/google-advanced-data-analytics-capstone this url.Course name is Digital Marketing Strategy and Planning. This course is available in coursera education platform. The course is provided by the Digital Marketing Institute. The course instructor is Cathal Melinn. The course duration is 12 weeks. The course description is as follows:
 E-Commerce Strategy,Search Engine Marketing (SEM) Strategy,Digital Channel Planning,Social Media and Email Marketing Strategy,Display and Video Advertising Strategy,Strategy Execution,Strategic Thinking,Digital Leadership,Customer Experience (CX) Design,Communicating Results,Digital Strategy,Digital Research,Content Marketing,Digital Marketing,Digital transformation,View all skills,
. The student can acquire the following skills after completion of this course: the skils are  Digital Marketing, Marketing, Strategy, Strategy and Operations, Communication, Media Strategy & Planning, Customer Relationship Management, Leadership and Management, Market Analysis, Planning, Search Engine Optimization, User Experience, Social Media
. The level of difficulty for this course is Beginner. Currently the course has a rating of 4.6. This course is FREE-Add a Verified Certificate for price given in the website .This course is paid and available for free if no certificate is required.  You can find the course from the https://www.coursera.org/specializations/digital-marketing-strategy-planning this url.